I have three tickets.
Does your salary get put on your pay card on a monthly basis?
The boys were whispering; I knew they were up to something.
It is subject to interpretation.
An elevated seaside bike path collapsed in Rio.
I'm going to Paris next month.
While I breathe, I hope.
Come and have tea with me.
I haven't seen him in a long time.
I thoroughly regretted staying up so late, come morning.
When did you return to Algeria?
The lack of gender in English is not due to the English having a more egalitarian culture.
I'm as tired as tired can be.
It's not raining.
Everybody lies.
I couldn't find her anywhere.
Why do all the guys like her?
There was a big gold star on the door.
I got your letter yesterday.
She kindly showed me the way.
I swear that I'll never do such a thing.
Tom refused to let Mary in his room.
The price of eggs is going up.
Tom just never should've done that.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
You are still eating.
If economic globalization is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
He wrote three books in as many years.
Harry is only 40.
The lake is deepest at this point.
I was somewhere else.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.
Thanks. If there's anything else, just ask.
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath.
Would you like me to help you?
Hurry up.
Tom was shocked.
I must go out.
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
I went to school in Boston.
You may park here.
The train is arriving!
You say Nessie is an imaginary being, but I think she exists.
Tell her that I am just joking with her.
In life there are ups and downs.
Only some students understand that aspect.
In half a year she'll be going abroad.
Tom isn't on Facebook.
What more could I want?
Yes, I am He Sai. And you?
Give me back my money!
This is a difficult math problem.
Jane plays tennis too.
You dropped your handkerchief.
Stop inhaling your food. You should eat a little slower.
Tom gets up at six every morning.
Fancy meeting you here!
I think what you're doing is stupid.
We go out together every weekend.
I once went to Boston with her.
There are no waves without wind.
I've got a flat tire.
It is also a good movie.
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
You can get from Washington to New York by train.
If you want a pencil, I'll lend you one.
Take care of yourself, and have a good time!
Tom has disappeared.
Russia is facing great financial difficulties.
Two thousand pupils attend school.
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Boston.
It's better.
We have a new neighbour.
The author is Brazilian.
I have been here for many years.
I found the book very interesting.
I suspect Tom and Mary know more.
I would prefer the black one, there.
In any case, I must finish this work by tomorrow.
Do you know where these equations come from?
You have to make efforts if you are to succeed.
We don't have time.
I'm dying of laughter!
The meal satisfied his hunger.
I got a lot of mosquito bites.
Has the movie started yet?
Unfortunately, these beautiful words are not mine.
By the way, did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
I made her angry.
I arrived just now.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
He is not a doctor but a teacher.
I wish Tom were my younger brother.
May I put it here?
He wants the money.
There's no other way than this now.
It looks like an apple.
Come in!
We saw him walk across the street.
Now it's time for the weather forecast.
You are an idiot!
I have not eaten anything for the last three days.
When did you get back from your trip?
This school was founded in 1650.
He was willing to help others.
How many forks do we need?
What do you want to do for work?
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
I can teach you how to bewitch men.
I will speak to you tomorrow.
They are both good students.
What's Tom so angry about?
I want to replace him.
You ought not to have disclosed the secret.
Look at that picture on the desk.
I've got little time for reading these days.
I'm learning Turkish.
Give me five more minutes.
They have arrived.
What do you want to do tomorrow?
This is my friend Rachel. We went to high school together.
There is a park near my house.
Sami uploaded the photos.
Why is there a red light coming out the window in the building across?
Did any cute girl try to chat you up at the bar?
We have a door between our offices.
I'm not too sure how to pronounce that word.
Mary seems to be bored of this game.
She spent a lot of time practicing the piano.
Take a book and read it.
There was nothing that I could do at that time.
She often comes over my place.
What did you tell them?
There's something I want you to see.
I've seen a lot of him recently.
You don't have to eat.
He keeps his word.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
The answer misses the point.
I like to play tennis.
What's the rush?
I see a cat chasing a dog.
Tell me about some of the places you've visited.
I talked to Tom last night.
Nothing much has changed.
Ming wasn't dancing with Masao then.
I had a nice chat with her.
I do hope you'll come again.
This has nothing to do with you.
He lives by himself.
The kidnapper told me he'd kill Tom if I didn't show up alone.
There are no single beds left.
I caught a cold yesterday.
She took my hand.
Old women like dating young men.
Mary doesn't wear as much makeup as Alice.
The fish are in the sea.
He is telling a lie.
He promised me he will get here by five o'clock.
I ran a race with him.
Tom confessed to murdering Mary.
Is money important to you?
That's too small a box to hold all these things.
Tom didn't want Mary to know that he didn't know how to do that.
I have been to Paris.
It's good exercise to climb hills.
It is generally accepted that a person cannot be successful in life without a lot of hard work.
I'd like to go to Takayama during festival time.
He looked cute in his photos.
Tom could win.
Is this her first time coming to Italy?
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
The rumor is believed to be true.
Is there an app for that?
I was about to go out when the phone rang.
Love if you want to be loved!
It will be dark soon.
Are you bringing your camera?
Did you go to school?
Your bicycle is better than mine.
Feel this.
I don't want to be involved in that matter.
When we were going through security, I got pulled out of line for a pat-down.
What are they doing here?
The person entering the store is my little sister.
As I am busy, I cannot go.
Tom looked at the tall man suspiciously.
I'll talk the matter over with my father.
By the way, have you ever been to Hokkaido?
Staying at home is boring.
He promised me that he would come at four.
I need to exercise more often.
Don't interfere with matters that do not concern you!
I don't know yet.
I don't like to sing in public.
I can't see anything from here.
French is easy.
The beach was packed with tourists.
I need to find somewhere to practice dancing.
What're you looking at?
Tom teaches French.
My father doesn't like soccer.
We're having a barbeque on Sunday.
Tom is afraid that someone will see him.
Eat all your spinach!
I'd like some tea, please.
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
At what time did you hear the gunshot?
What time do we leave tomorrow?
I thought that I'd dropped something.
Wonderful!
I have no knife to cut with.
After all, you're right.
Make the hoe your sword, and the sword your hoe.
I want to be a nurse.
Sales fell off in the third quarter.
You look just like your big brother.
Your hair is too long.
What stationery isn't worth buying?
They caught five butterflies.
She is traveling around the world.
How long does it take to learn French?
I would like to introduce you to my wife.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
Horses eat grass.
He studies history at college.
Every girl on the planet is different.
I interviewed him.
That's the reason I bought this book.
She cut the apple in two.
Hurry up, Martin. We're already late!
Don't look.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been here.
I'm not famous.
I sleep on my stomach.
The doctor advised me to stop smoking.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
Bob and Mary play the recorder.
What he says always corresponds with what he does.
Tom's main problem is he has no sense of humour.
I'm not Indian.
Is this your room?
I am already hating life on Earth.
It's not right.
The reason the cat is not included in the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple.
New Year is the time for a lot of eating and drinking.
He entered my room without permission.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
Will you marry me?
It's about to rain.
You're much less likely to get a good position if you don't speak English.
You smell it. Do five spice tea eggs smell good?
The lake is deep here.
I made a face.
How does one eat this?
The basket was full of apples.
I forgot to buy you a present.
Japan is an island country.
The CEO is very disappointed with the result.
Would you mind shutting the door?
Wondering if that restaurant had plov, I went inside.
What day is it today?
He is unfit to be a teacher.
The weather was great just a moment ago. How is it suddenly raining now?
I have to cook dinner today.
He may have missed the train.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
My mother tongue is Spanish.
I think that's awful.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
This incident has made a great impact on the progress of the project.
Is this a cat or a dog?
We saw a funny movie last Sunday.
My name is Irakli.
I know he left for London.
You must control yourself.
What if something gets broken?
The washing-up machine at home was regarded as a rival to the worker at the kitchen sink.
This is my brother.
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn't she?
It has been raining since last Thursday.
I'll teach you how to drive a car.
It is cold there, even in summer.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
Hello, world!
Please let us know.
What he said would happen has happened.
He is a painter, but he can't paint in the traditional Chinese style.
I couldn't get the point of his speech.
Please don't interrupt me.
I grew up in the mountains.
Don't try to do this by yourself.
Would you like to go shopping with me?
I didn't feel like buying a car.
He had an accident at work.
I prefer to look for a solution to problems, not only to report them.
We generally drink tea after a meal.
After all his efforts, he also failed this time.
Did you buy cat food?
I like playing the piano.
Tom's mother's dead.
Your mother must have been beautiful when she was young.
This country has a mild climate.
The old professor's lectures are long-winded and ponderous.
My dad used to be a miller.
We're all single.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
There are some boys under the tree.
I want the other one.
Did that lady just swear?
What're you planning to do?
Nobody believed me.
I have more books than I can read.
Harbin is very cold.
Some chewing gum was stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.
Tom couldn't conceal his disappointment.
Winners don't use drugs.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
The Smiths live in my neighborhood.
Food is always necessary for life.
Don't exceed the speed limit.
The cat is eating the mouse.
He was fooled.
I'll telephone you every night.
I spent a week in hospital.
I'm just a plain old office worker.
Do you plan to stay long?
I do not quite agree with you.
I am looking for my cat.
Tom is afraid somebody will see him.
This dog is the biggest in this town.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
That word describes it perfectly.
Honesty is a capital virtue.
Your watch is ten minutes slow.
They call this planet 'Earth'.
Ask him what to do next.
If you could be a bit more careful, that would be even better.
Could you please pull the weeds and water the flowers?
Do you forgive me?
I'm proud of my punctuality.
I got arrested.
The food isn't very good here.
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
Tom will be back in the afternoon.
We have investigated his criminal record.
One language is never enough.
They opposed Darwin's theory of evolution.
She is coming back next week.
America is a land of immigrants.
She seems to hate you.
She grew even more worried.
Every day I take the tram to the office.
How many rooms does she have in her apartment?
Do you want to stay here all day?
Do you remember me?
He still has springtime on the brain.
Your socks stink.
She had her handbag stolen.
She could sing well when she was a child.
No one was watching.
I heard Tom sobbing.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
I'm an honest person.
Everybody had a hard time.
I have to pass this exam.
Tom has calmed down.
Ronaldo’s teammate passed the ball high to him. He jumped up and headed it into the goal.
My house is just across the street.
Could you tell me what I should do next?
She pulled me aside.
What will you eat tomorrow morning?
What do you usually eat for lunch?
There's no contact.
How many chairs do we have?
Is Tom in a lot of trouble?
I want to know where they are.
She drew a tree.
Where are you going to be?
She gradually began to understand.
Please stay away from him.
I'd like you to have a blood test.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
She got very angry with her children.
He came to see you yesterday.
The horse is white.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
Wake me up at seven.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
I bought a watch.
Wow, so cold!
Tom talked with Mary yesterday.
I am 19 years old.
I don't think that we'll win.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Throw this rotten banana.
Our country's climate is temperate.
He is used to speaking in public.
People are concerned about racial problems.
You can't accuse him of theft without having proof.
You should take care not to catch cold.
I promised Tom that I'd eat with him.
That child who spoke is my brother.
Rich as she is, she is not happy.
It's gotten dark. Is it going to rain, I wonder?
This room has two closets for clothing.
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
You might be right.
I want you to not go to Boston with Tom.
What are we?
Whether you pass the Chinese exam or not, let's go to the bar to drink beer.
I can hardly stand his behavior.
How old are your kids?
Vermilion is one the signifiers of Chinese culture.
A little bit of luck sometimes leads to an unexpected success.
He poured cold water over himself.
You don't need to tell me. I don't have any interest in this matter.
I'm almost sure of it.
Young people tend to take things too far.
There should be something for us to talk about.
I have a feeling he is right.
For me, that is not a problem.
I watched TV this morning.
I could not help laughing at his haircut.
How shameful!
I injured my leg playing football.
We won't change anything.
Money is the last thing he wants.
It is time you left off your childish ways.
I read the book after I had finished my homework.
He gave up cigarettes.
This family gave me a warm welcome.
The girl vanished like magic.
She greeted us with a smile.
He's got more books than me.
I always keep promises.
Mum is making a cake.
Tom didn't wear jeans yesterday.
I've won first prize!
He's standing behind his mother.
There was no need to explain.
How did you know I liked Tom?
I've had enough of your lies!
This work doesn't pay.
I would rather go to the art museum than to the movie theater.
Could be, could be.
You look terrible.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
He's a late bloomer.
Something that is more precious than any resource is land.
I enjoyed talking with you this evening very much.
It's time to sleep.
He put on the black coat.
Which of these rackets is yours?
The audio feature is only available in some sentences in Chinese, Dutch, French, German and Shanghainese.
The house has all the conveniences.
I can't approve the proposal by myself.
Formerly people did not know that the earth is round and that it moves around the sun.
Next time it'll be my turn to drive.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
Speaking English is useful.
I don't doubt it in the least.
She always speaks in English.
It has finally stopped snowing and has warmed up.
What's new?
This time, the nuclear test failed.
Car exhaust causes serious pollution in towns.
What time do you usually get up?
She stayed at home by herself.
Astronomers have discovered a galaxy that has almost no dark matter.
Christmas gingerbread, also called honey cake, is a traditional German dessert.
I'm fine.
It is important to help each other.
He appeared at last.
Those who count their blessings experience more joy.
There were three uniformed police officers at the crime scene.
Tom left the umbrella on the bus.
My country is far away from Japan.
Please let me see your passport, also did you complete the immigration form?
Oxygen and hydrogen make water.
Which one is my toothbrush?
He didn't send him that present.
When are you going to get married?
I hope I'm not boring you.
Do you mind if I ask you something?
I'm always in a fucking hurry.
For the first time in his life, Yuka finished reading an entire book in English.
The students learned many poems by heart.
She doesn't know how to face the unhappiness in her marriage.
Can you show me this skirt please?
I'm going to join the school orchestra.
The dog growled at the strange man.
He was destined to become a great musician.
Tom is a coward.
As I was sick, I did not go to school.
I just finished eating breakfast.
Do you remember which year it happened?
Tom was attacked by a grizzly bear.
Some spaghetti fell on the badge of the uniform, dirtying it.
You don't have any money.
I want a lot more.
I want to eat something tasty.
I am Taiwanese.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
I invited her to the movies.
The dictionary on the desk is mine.
I have to go back to work.
He went missing.
She is collecting material for a book.
I wish to be a doctor.
I don't like anything.
She is eight.
She is not the victim.
This is the girl that came yesterday.
I don't know what time he can come.
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
The two young girls smiled happily.
Do you think Tom is wealthy?
I owe you $1,000.
She is my daughter.
I don't think you'd win.
We're also out of eggs.
Public feeling against air pollution has at last become vocal.
I should have studied harder before the term exams.
I have a pain here.
My aunt gave me an album.
He isn't less clever than his brother.
On hearing that, he knitted his brow.
The teacher gave his pupils a stern telling-off.
I'll be at home in the morning.
She not only ridiculed him, but also drove him out.
You're not even listening.
The population of China is 8 times that of Japan.
The rain lasted five days.
You'll have three relationships before you meet your true soulmate.
Is death the only way out?
I can't live without TV.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
I'll lend you this dictionary.
A rainbow is one of the most beautiful phenomena of nature.
I feel hopeful about the future.
To try to study when you're sleepy is to waste your time.
His little brother is a famous soccer player.
This is an ancient castle.
I can do it by myself.
By the end of 2006, the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand, showing that in six months a total of fourteen million, three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
Tomorrow, my father is going to make a good meal.
Hello? Are you still here?
Much of London was destroyed in the seventeenth century.
He exchanges money at the bank.
I simply haven't the time to do everything I want to do.
My mother isn't at home.
What's the nationality of that cameraman over there?
I am fixing the washing machine.
Let's synchronize our watches.
What kind of books don't you like?
Can you make it safe?
My father is an expert surgeon.
Go straight ahead.
Don't say anymore!
Do not trust anyone.
There is a page missing.
She folded her baby in her arms.
His clothes always smell bad.
There are many cultures on Earth.
I do not think that he will come.
Now, let’s go back to where we were.
It was sensible of you to follow her advice.
It makes no sense at all.
Can I register for that class?
I like cracking sunflower seeds with my teeth.
Would you please explain the rules to me?
It is strange that he should say so.
The service is excellent in this hotel.
I like both dogs and cats.
I'm not in agreement with your methods at all.
Tom didn't start to study French until he was thirty.
I love trips.
I foolishly imagined that he was going to help me.
Mary said that she never did that.
He is near forty.
The hunters captured the wild animal with a strong rope net.
The straits were too narrow for the cruise ship.
It may have rained a little last night.
The famous pianist smiled.
Tom seems to forget everything.
She told him to wash his hands.
There are many Chinese restaurants in Australia.
There is nothing wrong with boys wearing cosmetics.
Get out of this house.
Jill is engaged to Jack.
They will find out sooner or later.
I don't smoke weed.
This dress fits me perfectly.
I want a little money.
Why did you wake me up to tell me something that big? Now, I'll never be able to concentrate on my work!
He was, is, and will be, my best friend.
I don't have any.
Tom asked Mary who her boyfriend was.
She ripped her dress on a branch.
Good luck. You'll need it.
The weather today is great, as it will be tomorrow.
I'd like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
Don't pay attention to her.
Tom is in the bathroom now.
Yukiko likes potatoes.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
We thought that Tom was sleeping.
He was covered in mud from head to foot.
I am using Twitter.
I thought that you wanted to see me.
I threw a party.
I was watching TV then.
I can't believe you bought this.
Would you lend me your knife?
They built a bridge across the river.
That's a blue house.
The victim died at a hospital in Boston.
They heard a gun go off in the distance.
We often hear it said that the Japanese are good workers.
On Sunday, I go to church.
Look guys, the window and even the kitchen door have both been left open!
I wouldn't have thought I would someday look up "Viagra" in Wikipedia.
Tom has been driving all day.
The Quran has been translated into many languages.
We found many strange plants in a botanical garden.
Don't touch my camera.
This afternoon I have English class for two hours and then two hours of Chinese.
It rained three times during the trip.
Thus I tell you don't just go alone.
He writes Arabic.
I have a friend living in London.
Either you or I am right.
I sat between Tom and John.
I often wonder if he'll suddenly appear at that coffee shop on the corner.
It seems that Jack is sick.
He has no more than five English books.
Tom and Mary could learn a lot from each other.
The fact is, I think, very important.
We'll find some other way to do that.
Tom told me he thought he was going to die in prison.
I think that Delbert is crazy.
Tom was always different from other children.
You can see it from as far as over there.
I have not heard from her for a month.
Gay marriage is permitted in less than 20% of countries.
Be a good child!
Her eyes were shining with joy.
He is full of energy.
My grandmother gets up early every morning.
I know none of them.
Turtles are reptiles.
Tom told Mary his age.
Grabbing onto his head, he said: "What is that?"
That isn't true, is it?
I wish it would stop raining.
Where were you?
He was brought up by his uncle.
Tom hates the smell of herring.
I heard somebody singing.
This is the first time I've ever lied to my father and I am ashamed of myself.
I haven't yet eaten anything today.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
Do you like pepper?
Its modernisation went much further than I had expected.
God created all men equal but men think it differently.
I told him not to use those.
Say it in English.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
Do you remember the town he was born in?
The vase was broken to pieces.
He drinks too much beer.
I don't like wearing socks.
Was the teacher young?
We bought a comfortable new armchair.
I like it very much.
Two and three halves to London, please.
She was all kindness to everybody.
She is skipping rope.
Nothing is so tasty as the dish you make.
Tom is out of your league.
Ten years is a long time.
He changed his mind.
They won't come until tomorrow.
Tom was afraid to ask for help.
I believe that the debate should be carried on.
She intends to get a divorce.
It will make little difference whether you go there by taxi or on foot.
I'm not ashamed of my father being poor.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
Catch a signal.
The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
They can overcome their fear.
Where in Australia did you grow up?
Look at your hands.
Tom doesn't have very many friends.
She was reading a gardening manual.
It's been more than ten years since we've seen him.
China is developing very quickly.
Tom fell approximately 30 meters.
Some children are playing on the grass.
Please wash it.
His lie got him into trouble when his boss discovered the truth.
This is a serious medicine.
They vacationed in France last year.
That's a pagoda.
Gulp! The food is delicious, but I'm afraid of how expensive it's going to be.
I felt myself being lifted up.
I have written down his phone number.
Turn right at the crossroad.
You are not thin.
Dreams can drive me mad.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
There is a military base near here.
We are working hard to cooperate more.
Once upon a time, there was a beautiful princess.
That sounds very interesting.
Tell me what he said.
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
Stop being so arrogant about this.
Tom is a Vietnam veteran.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
We're fighting against time.
This color is a bit darker than that one.
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
Can you tell us a bit more about that?
Speech is silver, but silence is golden.
Mike ran very fast yesterday.
Sami wanted to know who that girl was.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
Tom doesn't need money to have a good time.
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend.
It doesn't matter!
He picked up the book.
I don't care as long as you're happy.
A new school building is under construction.
They're self-sufficient.
I listen to the radio every night.
We weren't scared.
The machine generated large amounts of electricity.
Who's the boss of this company?
Does this car go to Jingan temple?
Did they buy the juice?
I want to eat apple pie.
He was soaked from head to toe.
What do you want to eat?
Why don't you be quiet?
Tom will be there, won't he?
Is the test hard?
Will you put on this kimono?
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
They made fun of Mary.
Tom discovered how to open the box.
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say.
I didn't see him.
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
You're not coming, are you?
Smoking isn't allowed inside the elevator.
I live in a big city.
Tom is certain to come on time.
I don't believe in luck.
Even jokes have a limit.
You'd better go.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
He's a bit energetic.
I don't smoke anymore.
I've just returned from the UK.
It's really fun to learn Esperanto.
It's likely that she'll succeed.
Every journey begins with a single step.
You don't need to do that right away.
Not every child likes apples.
There wasn't anybody in the house.
He doesn't know how to swim.
I'm glad to meet you, too, Mr Ito.
I think it's somewhere around here.
There are some apples on the table.
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
How many eyes had the Cyclops?
I'm not in the least afraid of it.
When answering this question, some people might put forward this kind of example: "Chinese people are very hospitable, whilst English people are more reserved."
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I wish I could, but I have some place I have to go."
I didn't like rock music at first, but it soon grew on me.
He was accused of murder.
Lucy is from the United States.
The teacher told Mary to shut up.
If it gives milk, then it's your mother.
How soon can we leave?
So, what else is new?
It's hard to maintain one's reputation.
She's a professor.
I met her late in the evening.
I am Siberian.
We need capital.
He enjoys painting oil paintings.
Excuse me. Do you speak English?
Tom squeezed Mary's hand.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
This is an impossible task.
I can't translate a sentence if I don't understand it.
That's not their fault.
There was something written on the stone, and they tried to make out what it was.
Sometimes it's good for a married couple to go to a hot spring together—just the two of them.
Is that black bag yours?
My son is busy studying for the examinations tomorrow.
Anyway, you'll never know.
Please be quiet.
I don't like green onions.
The garden was full of purple lilies.
I write Chinese.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
You owe me an apology for that.
Open Sesame!
He said Davis must be captured.
Smoking is not permitted on the train.
He kept his promise.
I can't agree with your opinion.
It'll snow tomorrow.
I can hear the sound in your mind.
That's his mother.
They fell into the conversation immediately.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
Please sit on the sofa and relax.
She can't drive.
He would like to take part in the competition.
Due to the rainstorm, the river water surged over the river banks.
Because of the snow, I couldn't see anything.
How did you do on your exam?
Who else uses this room?
I began to learn Esperanto.
At nightfall I like following the tradition of taking a walk along the lakeside.
May I put it down here?
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.
Tom has various bank accounts.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
Imagination affects every aspect of our lives.
However, these days everyone has a bathtub. Isn't it pretty simple to take a bath?
I like West Germanic languages.
I look on watching TV as a waste of time.
The two nations have strong trade ties.
A fallen leaf floated on the surface of the water.
Mark Zuckerberg stole my idea!
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
I have a suspicion about his death.
He moved the furniture.
Can you explain why you were late?
I agree with you absolutely.
What with fatigue and lack of sleep, he has fallen ill at last.
Not bad.
I've already begun.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
Anyone may participate.
I don't smoke.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
A few minutes later the telephone rang.
She was appointed chairperson.
It's getting to be time for me to head back.
The girl's eyes were filled with tears.
He has a Picasso.
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
I was alone in the classroom.
She was surprised that he showed up.
I will be back in two weeks' time.
I fed the dog.
Don't look into my room.
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
Don't talk with your mouth full!
Maybe we should stop.
It seems like girls are becoming more and more interested in science.
Is Hungarian your mother tongue?
He put on clean trousers.
I need one apple.
The staff at the company tried to cover up the truth, but soon it came to light.
Ken's dog is white.
Sorry to trouble you.
Paint our house. Use the orange paint.
Everyone ought to be a master of his own destiny.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
I'm very happy to meet you.
At first, we weren't familiar at all. Over time we got to know each other.
Unfortunately, I can't afford to buy everything I need right now.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.
It's just a blip on a screen.
I caught the man stealing the money.
I have lots of things to do.
I often look up words in that dictionary.
I know that isn't true.
Suddenly unable to make up her mind, she didn't know what to do.
He's our English teacher.
It's not even a little bit cheap, it's extremely expensive!
Tom's new girlfriend is a vegetarian.
The atomic number of iron is 26.
The price of the book was $5.
What's the fare to Liverpool?
Let's split it.
Jane filled out an application.
I advertised my car for sale.
I travel by plane.
Do you get what he's saying?
I like your profile picture.
Add a little milk.
How dare you!
Keep this information under your hat.
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.
The clouds floating in the sky are beautiful.
He is the youngest amongst us four.
He is sure of passing the examination.
It was hard as rock.
I will pay you back next week.
I am more handsome than you.
I went to the train station to buy a ticket.
As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with his plan.
It is so early.
Tom must've been displeased.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
The majority of people marry sooner or later.
I relaxed at home last Sunday.
They are reading books.
She's back from Madrid.
I went to the hospital.
Why did she ask you?
Jane insisted that she was right.
Why can't he play tennis today?
I intend to become a lawyer.
Leave more space between the lines.
He must be Tom's brother.
My grandfather was a policeman.
I'm very busy today.
Let me carry your suitcase.
I was ten minutes late for school.
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.
Take off your socks, please.
They told me that they wanted to talk.
I think Tom needs something to write.
I know the name of this animal.
I'm angry with you about this.
I don't want to work today.
The moon is invisible behind the clouds.
How much is a beer?
The computer is broken.
Somebody came.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
I till the earth.
The beer is stale.
Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Please take a look at this picture.
Greet someone every time you meet them.
Don't be nervous. Because of this he won't think you're carrying any contraband, and won't open your trunk to check, and hold you up.
The accident held up traffic.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
He contributed as well.
You said you had important news.
Whose is that notebook?
I did see him.
Do you have small change with you?
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong.
Let me know about the result of the exam.
Every dog has his day.
Huan, he is called Linfeng, Linfeng and I are friends.
She felt dazed.
Please close the door.
They are taking a walk.
Mars is "the Red Planet".
She came to Tokyo when she was 18.
Please accept my sincere apologies.
The way Sakura talks makes me uncomfortable.
I worked as a piano tuner for many years.
I owe ten dollars to her.
The official languages of the United Nations are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
My inspiration has run dry.
Tom is very confident, isn't he?
I think that this is all quite absurd.
It is time you had a haircut!
That sounds interesting.
Tom doesn't trust the police.
The deadline is approaching.
Please take off all your clothes except your underpants and bra.
Which do you like better, apples or bananas?
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
I like neologisms.
This is a company town.
You didn't find it, did you?
I've read many kinds of books.
I've never been beyond Okayama.
This bicycle belongs to Tom.
He didn't say much.
You don't accept credit cards?
I just got here, let me rest a bit.
Tell me about your program for the future.
Hello! I'm Huan.
Are those real diamonds?
I think Tom is about to cry.
Is one thousand yen enough?
I'm not sure of the exact date.
I don't want to go in the car. I would rather walk.
I'd like to join your group.
Concerning this issue, I feel that the trash media only report biased information.
I'm Italian.
I don't know whether Tom will eat with us or not.
A bowl of rice is about 180 grams.
I really liked the gift you gave me.
Don't fill up your bowl with too much food.
Where did Tom learn to speak French?
My grandfather is a carpenter.
It needs to be judged on whether it meets the ethical standards.
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
English is spoken in Australia.
He hardly ever opens a book.
You're a real friend.
I want to pluck your facial hair.
Do you have a table on the patio?
When did this come about?
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
Lemon is sour.
He likes watching tennis on telly.
I need to shave.
Our class has more than ten students.
Did somebody hit Tom?
Don't play in the street.
Do you remember us?
Let me introduce you to him.
Translating wears a person out.
Yes, I have student ID.
My hair curls easily.
I want to be a pilot in the future.
She got married at the age of 17.
My hobby is reading.
I have nothing in common with her.
Stiff upper lip!
What's today's date?
Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love, love is not music, music is the best.
I haven't studied physics much all semester.
I see her in my dreams often.
Which do you like better, dogs or cats?
Hey, are you still here?
Tom is climbing a tree.
I have lost my watch.
It's stopped raining.
Please turn off the radio.
When will it be ready?
You've grown fat.
Is this your first trip abroad?
Maybe you are working too hard.
None of the teachers could solve the problem.
She didn't reply.
We give him an apple.
Is this your friend's car?
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
She has a very radical opinion about the problem.
I have a big black dog.
Tom often fails to keep his word.
You should thank him.
I am happy to see you here.
I'm a pupil.
Androgynous-looking people are often the subject of discussion and discrimination.
This jam jar's lid is stuck and won't open.
For one thing, I've no money, and for another, I've no leisure.
Let's listen to music.
It's about time to go to school.
I'm busy right now.
Let's have a few drinks tonight.
Study!
Father bought me a new bike.
Judging from the look of the sky, it is likely to rain.
I don't really have much choice.
I'm perfectly happy being alone.
My father did not let me marry him.
It was an advantage having learned Chinese while I was in school.
I don't smoke any more.
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Is it really everywhere?
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
He is the boy of whom we spoke the other day.
I don't wear glasses anymore.
He refuses to accept his old age.
We have the same problem.
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.
Linda really likes chocolate.
She is on a diet.
They seem happy, don't they?
Are we finished?
She has very few close friends.
He makes good use of his time.
I like singing with Tom.
I asked him with good intentions, but he did not answer.
That wasn't very good.
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did?
Please inform me when to start.
I know whose car this is.
Tom moved.
Why are you saying you want to walk in the park?
We know.
When are you finally going to oil your door?
Now is the time for action.
You've cut my hair too short.
I was busily typing for the whole morning.
I just got a letter from Brazil.
I'll miss you, too.
It wasn't long before Mr. Yamazaki recovered.
I'm a deeply religious man and believe in life after death.
It is a lot of fun to drive a car.
Tom's listening.
I have to speak with you immediately.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.
Call her at 3.
Ken goes to school by bus.
Bill turned on the television.
Something is wrong with the washing machine.
Happy birthday, Shishir!
He had already gone.
His wife is in the hospital because she was injured in a car crash.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
Shadow him.
She invited us to her birthday party.
Did you brush your teeth?
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn't burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
What are you doing in a dark place like that?
I can't find my girlfriend's clitoris.
The birds soar in the air.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
His mother was a school teacher.
Nuclear power plants are dangerous, not to mention nuclear weapons.
I no longer love you.
He was happy to have passed the examination.
You are as tall as I am.
Los Angeles is one of the places that I'd like to visit.
Do you really want to move to Boston?
As she's a very practical person, she often fixes her friends' cars.
She died on a cold night in December.
I have met him before.
I think maybe Tom was right.
Who is that?
That man, the child of whom is very friendly.
Make sure you're here before five.
Honey, I can explain.
She didn't want to get involved.
Children were apt to invent their own games.
"Would you mind taking me home?", she said.
He's bound to forget.
I'll call you on Monday.
Do you have a cough?
Tom's eyes are blue.
I hadn't recognized the importance of this document until you told me about it.
It'll take too much time for Tom to get here.
Please circle the right answer.
Thanks for the updates.
She finally made up her mind to go abroad.
I will go on foot.
The snow was knee deep.
The more you know, the less you understand.
I didn't know what it meant.
I dreamed a strange dream.
Please don't use my name.
How much candy did you eat last week?
What do you have planned tomorrow?
We encountered a lot of difficulties on the expedition.
Always fasten your seatbelt.
It belongs to me now.
Let's start with Lesson Ten.
See you next week!
A tiger has escaped from the zoo.
We're taking part.
My city is fifty kilometres from the capital.
He will be my deputy while I am away.
What's the Wi-Fi password?
Betty drives fast.
It's practical to have a laptop.
He has ample experience.
He said to me: "Children are like small animals."
My grandfather died shortly after my birth.
I am going to write about our parks and mountains.
Walking is beneficial.
All sorts of people live in Tokyo.
She and I are brother and sister.
I'm sorry that I ruined your wedding.
Women usually live longer than men.
I want to go home.
Giggling with embarrassment, she held out the condom.
Not knowing what to say, I remained silent.
What floor do you live on?
Today's even busier than normal.
You could have answered that question.
Trang's party was like a wake.
I had already sent you the letter when you called.
I ate sand.
How many hours a day do you sleep?
Don't forget to take out the garbage.
Let's go ahead and eat.
She'll have to wait for him.
Are there beautiful women here?
I can see you're good at this.
Maria is teaching me Norwegian.
I don't know my father's annual income.
All of them are just here to pick up girls.
Tom can't have done what you think he did.
He turned down my offer.
I am entirely incapable of accepting this minister's arguments.
The ball bounded away into our neighbor's garden.
I managed to catch the last train.
He's fluent in Japanese.
I'm going to buy a new car.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
We want to spend our honeymoon in Australia.
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
I don't know whether Tom told the truth or not.
They reported seeing the incident.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
This forest goes on for a while.
Tom probably knows someone who can teach us French.
Ronaldo is famous for his bicycle kick. When he does it, the fans go crazy.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
Who gave Tom my phone number?
I anticipate that there will be trouble.
Please translate this sentence into Japanese.
What is my room number?
No one believes her.
He gave me his stamp of approval.
You don't get up as early as your sister.
Every morning we take the dog for a walk in the park.
I still need more time to rest.
The old man is blind in one eye.
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.
The worst is over.
Are you happy here?
Come on, touch it.
The school year ended.
I'm about ready.
So disgusting!
I reminded him of his interview with the president.
My nose is itchy.
My hobbies are not only wide-ranging but also useful.
'Radioactivity' is a chemistry term.
I gave you a book.
Mix the ingredients well.
He left his office in a hurry.
I have to go back to the office.
The baby caught sight of my ballpoint pen and reached out for it.
Last year she left Japan.
This story has a sad ending.
I envy the friendship Tom and Mary have.
What's he doing?
Can I come to your place?
We're waiting for Tom to leave.
Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
I am almost 180 centimeters tall.
Please don't mistake my meaning.
I'm not very pleased with my performance today.
Yolks are yellow.
Thousands of people died of hunger.
He had dark brown hair.
Is this your family?
We no longer need you.
Everyone knows Tom speaks good French.
How much do you like baseball?
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
There's a small dog waiting at the door of a store.
If your job were easy, someone else would do it.
She saw herself in the mirror.
We have to make a close analysis of the accident.
I went to Nagasaki.
The black cat runs fast.
They were pleased.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
What do you need exactly?
What's your favorite radio station?
The cook prepares different dishes every day.
Where can I buy this?
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn't come here any more."
Don't take things so seriously.
Your penis is big.
Have you never eaten a kiwi?
The man swimming in the river is my friend.
I thought that Tom had a soccer game tonight.
Our conversation always ends in a quarrel.
Of course!
Everyone here is afraid of you.
Why didn't you go?
They both agreed to come out of the closet to their family.
What dishes do you like to eat?
What's your favorite type of pizza?
I don't know if it'll rain tomorrow or not.
Can we go now, please?
What time is it in Boston now?
Two American students live in this dorm.
She is said to have been a model.
He reads a lot of books.
Tom will now be proud of me.
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator.
My dog sleeps in the same room I do.
Many small companies went bankrupt.
He betrayed her secret to his friends.
I've had enough of this program.
That's MY line!
What if someone saw us?
Are you happy at your own home?
I think that you do know about that.
They said they didn't like to do that.
Tom's room is dirty.
When Michael is at home, his work is to clean the windows.
It was foolish of you to accept his offer.
Tom is very tall.
Your son took part in the student movement, I hear.
Tom admitted he murdered Mary.
When Mike tried to tackle the other player, he pushed him and he was given a yellow card and a warning.
I have money.
My wife and I sat on the couch to watch one of our favorite shows.
Due to the thick fog, the road was difficult to see.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
He practiced the piece many times before the concert.
I have to go to bed.
We do not live in Boston.
This is my camera.
I can't find a single flaw in his theory.
She backed her car into the garage.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
I'm going to the store.
Catch him.
Math is like love: a simple idea, but it can get complicated.
How many pictures did you buy?
Your father is tall.
I started writing a book.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
He advised her to stop drinking.
He picked flowers for her.
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.
Who is to say this isn't a relief?
It's unlike him to get so angry.
Tom looks about a hundred years old.
Nobody likes me.
Fortunately, she didn't die.
What will actually happen is anyone's guess.
It's dangerous here.
Should Tom be worried?
She bit him.
As a child, he went to Paris three times.
Tom and Mary's home is cluttered.
What was the situation in Boston?
I need fresh air.
He is the person whom I saw yesterday.
Will you please let me go now?
I have a stupid question.
I'm feeling much better after switching up the hairstyle.
My older brother is a very enthusiastic soccer fan.
I asked her out on a date.
He made himself heard across the room.
Go wash up.
We've been going out three months.
I do really want to watch this match, but I'm not sure if I have the time.
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word 'set' has 430 different meanings or senses.
I watched the game from beginning to end.
Mary was the only girl wearing a skirt.
Who would prohibit such a thing?
I can't do two things at a time.
I wish I had more time.
He sometimes comes to see me.
This animal is bigger than that one.
Tom and I splashed each other.
Yanni had four shots in his back.
What is Ken doing now?
I'm in Spain right now.
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift.
I'm always busy these days.
Can we take care of this tomorrow?
I don't like early morning meetings.
He is a radiologist.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers died in the war.
God does not exist.
Mary wore a strapless dress.
Tom and Mary are on their way to Boston.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
He is a liar.
I changed trains at Tokyo Station.
She's wearing eye shadow.
I am already awake.
Can you guess what happened next?
An aging population will require more spending on health care.
The bicycle is racing to finish.
She believes whatever he says.
I needed one.
How about a bite to eat?
I've lost my pencil.
I am wishing every high school student good luck on their exams!
My father was happy with the result.
He's the only survivor in the village.
What country are you from?
I didn't see a soul.
He took a week off.
I would like to pay with a credit card.
Russian girls love Icelanders.
Why do you like smearing China so much?
She practised as a barrister for many years.
Tom was too afraid to do anything.
This expression is very Chinese.
The president predicted that once the coronavirus is gone, the stock markets “will pop back up like nobody has seen.”
Quiet down.
His parents expect too much of him.
It came to nothing.
I'm gay, so?
She has good style, so she looks good in anything she wears.
Stay out of the rain.
As soon as they return, I will telephone you.
How long are you going to stay here?
By the way, may I ask when in the evening your restaurant opens?
Now I want to introduce my parents to you.
Do you like classmates in class?
Absolutely impossible.
He lives alone.
It's fun to learn a foreign language.
That is strange.
These customs differ from those in our country.
It was not long before Mr Yamazaki recovered.
I knew you'd find Tom.
An ugly man knocked on my door.
I am far from satisfied with the result.
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say.
You want to be excused from doing that, don't you?
What is your favorite fast-food restaurant?
Thank you for your chocolate.
The rope wasn't strong enough to support him.
She goes by the name of Amy.
Tom, wake up.
Come here by ten at the latest.
Too much money?
Do you know the difference between good and bad?
Today is Tuesday, what day is it tomorrow?
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
I felt good tonight.
I think that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
It's no crime to skip breakfast once in a while.
I thought that it was very good.
It just started to rain.
Didn't you wash your face this morning?
It's sometimes difficult to control our feelings.
On what grounds are you arresting me?
I play the guitar after dinner.
Have you bought a brand-new car?
The guy with a beard is Tom.
Where are you planning to spend the night?
We were founded upon the ideal that all are created equal, and we have shed blood and struggled for centuries to give meaning to those words – within our borders, and around the world.
I hate myself sometimes.
This is one of the best restaurants that I've ever eaten in.
Tiny particles in the air can cause cancer.
Look at that mountain.
That's what I hope.
You want to remain anonymous.
French is too hard. I don't want to learn it.
It's all delicious!
I have received your letter and read it with delight.
She's really upset.
He dug a hole.
Ivan was fired afterwards.
Do you get along with your boss?
I wish I could visit Boston.
The water turned to ice.
Workers of the world - unite!
Does it sound like I'm in love?
This towel is so soft and fluffy. It feels good!
Tom is a normal teenager.
Start over.
The average height of girls in this class is over 155 centimeters.
You don't need a gun.
There's no need to be gentle.
That's what Tom wanted.
Tom became friends with Mary.
The engineer is working in France.
Just put yourself in my shoes.
Mind your language.
Shut up!
May I take a shower in the morning?
He would sit in the sun doing nothing.
You should've started by now.
She is constantly in and out of hospital.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He does not like tennis.
There is no time.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
They are after happiness.
Why isn't your friend here yet?
Speaking English isn't easy, but it's fun.
Tom's daughter pretended not to know him when he came to pick her up from school in his battered old car.
I've dealt with this store for years.
Where's your boyfriend?
I can on no condition forgive her.
Years passed.
Ideally, a candidate for this job should have four years' work experience.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
Do you often hear from him?
Hi, my name's Tom. What's yours?
Tom slit his own throat.
You're absolutely right.
I have another friend in China.
Tom is obese, isn't he?
On the whole, I agree with her.
How much for those trousers?
It was amazingly easy.
I always go to school on foot.
What time does the train for New York depart?
His attempt to escape was successful.
Last night I had a weird dream.
Where is the nearest church?
I will get in touch with him as soon as possible.
Is Tom at school?
Fortunately, my wound is clearing up quickly.
That's not a cat. It's a dog.
You'll have to manufacture some kind of excuse.
The square was illuminated by bright lights.
I don't think she is happy.
I was exhausted from work.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.
I'll sue you.
How is work?
He called me up almost every day.
There are some books on the desk.
We missed her.
He caught a boy stealing his watch.
She used apples to do the jam.
He will be sorry for it some day.
Tell us everything.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
I threw a stone at the bird.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
I thought I was dreaming.
The system worked.
Shoppers crowded the streets.
Much still remains to be done.
If this sentence is true, then Germany borders China.
The weather today is great, but lately it's been raining all the time.
He is a lover of sports.
Bob wants to raise a fox at home.
You should have come a little earlier.
Between you and me, the fat ugly man is on a diet.
Don't leave me alone, please.
The room looks different after I've changed the curtains.
My opinion differs from yours.
Can I borrow your book for a minute?
Who is the boy that is swimming over there?
But he likes the long school holidays.
He took up his pen and began to write.
What do you have?
Don't let appearances deceive you.
Excuse me, do you know what time it is?
He has an abhorrence of snakes.
He promised to come, but he didn't come.
It happened at a quarter past eleven.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
They can wait.
We start class at nine o'clock, but he didn’t come until quarter past.
You can go anywhere you want.
None of us thought he was to blame for the accident.
I would love to be able to read French effortlessly.
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me.
It's none of your business.
There isn't anyone in the room.
There used to be a prison here.
What Tom said isn't likely to be true.
These days John drinks too much.
Tom hasn't played the guitar for years.
The police seem to know exactly where we are.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
Tom's parents are both murderers.
Do you want more?
He is always studying.
I don't want to share the hotel room with a stranger.
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.
Tom opened a window.
I wish I had more time to talk with her.
You are too ready to speak ill of others.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
Tom gave Mary a flashlight.
To tell the truth, I felt lonely.
I feel like eating something sweet.
He dropped in on me last night.
How is school?
A good question.
Is Tom awake yet?
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
Tom is drunk.
He's American.
I might have forgotten the key.
I often slept on that bench when I was homeless.
Have you finished the work yet?
I am ready to die.
I have something to be done immediately.
She's wearing a black hat.
Would you mind lending me your pen?
The students didn't know how to give an answer.
Tom isn't as innocent as he seems.
Isn't he the graduate student of the University of Rome?
We ordered Chinese food.
So, was there a time when you were a wizard, too?
She's not a full-time employee of this company.
How did your weekend go?
No one could solve the puzzle.
What are you about?
We'll begin work soon.
At last it has stopped raining.
My favourite musical instrument is the electric guitar.
This evening, I am leaving Tokyo for Osaka.
He carefully put his things in the drawer.
I had my hair cut at a barber's shop.
There's no other way in.
Not only you but also I was involved.
Nobody knows how I feel.
The things he says are not the least bit important.
It's so hard.
Do you need to work on Sundays?
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
She need not have done the work.
I'm waiting for him.
Which country are you from?
She was sick in bed yesterday.
I don't want to live my life like this.
By saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, I kept getting myself and my friends into awkward situations.
On behalf of the company, I would like to express our hearty thanks to you all.
Have you seen the red river?
I rest on Sunday.
See you tonight.
Tom knew Mary would come.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
When did this happen?
Tom said that the noise bothered him.
How did you arrive at that conclusion?
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.
We can't force people to do that.
That's what I have to do.
Where are the apples?
They are watching.
What does "Tatoeba" mean?
Any magazine will do.
The accident happened near his home.
He probably knows I like him.
Put him in.
To make matters worse, it began to rain.
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.
I know almost nothing about it.
The enemies made an attack at night.
Thank you for the Christmas gift.
Hi, I have an appointment with the general manager. This is my interview notice.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
That's really nice.
We didn't know on which train they'd be coming.
Tom isn't a very good driver.
I give you my word.
The boy throws a stone.
The ship went up in flames.
Please give me some salt.
Mary knows me.
We are scared.
I haven't seen Tom lately.
They all knew.
They're suffering from malaria.
Tim writes left-handed.
Are there any bigger carrots?
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
Some of the drivers were laughing and yelling.
Bourbon is made from corn.
Copper and silver are both metals.
I wish Tom could have been there.
The deer is three times as heavy as Jane.
My father's car is new.
The Greeks used to worship several gods.
My mother looks young for her age.
Do you have any candles?
Tom's youngest son wants to be a veterinarian.
You only need a medium size.
I have difficulty chewing.
May your soul rest in peace.
She sniffed out his true intentions, huh.
Turpan is indeed very hot. Even the government is unable to control the temperature.
It is not easy to train dogs.
I'll go with you if necessary.
There will be times when everyone makes mistakes.
I'd better get back home.
She's trying on a coat.
Algeria's appetite for sugar is increasing.
All the apple trees were cut down.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
Tom likes swimming.
Thank you for coming to meet me.
The rumors were false.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can't recognize the gestures well and you can't operate it in the way you thought.
The old cottage has a certain charm about it.
He usually went to bed at eleven.
You can count on her.
When you begin downloading, please press the "Save" button.
I don't think you need to give an explanation.
Someday I will buy a cotton candy machine.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
These plants are too small. I don't think that they'll grow.
Will you put down that paper and listen to me?
Open the door, please.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
You're so attentive.
It's very simple.
When are you going to Europe?
The doctor sent the live patient to the morgue.
She accused me of not writing to her sooner.
I lost my camera the other day.
Your knife is rusty.
I've never felt better.
English is not my native language.
Is Tom really a nice guy?
It's very hot in this room.
Who is the owner of this house?
Tom respects his elders.
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.
He spent the evening reading.
My shoulder hurts.
It doesn’t matter whether he will stay with us or leave.
Slovakia is a beautiful country.
How do you pronounce this word?
“The Satanic Verses” by Salman Rushdie is a real masterpiece of modern literature.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
When did he get back?
I'm sure that he is clever.
Let's go over there.
It will be dark by the time the police come here.
I don't care what they say.
This book will awaken your imagination.
Tom is tall and strong.
I think I know who did it.
See if my answer is correct.
Little Wang is on maternity leave. She won't be back to work for six months.
He says he won't come.
Science has changed our life.
What is inside the box?
She is busy with the care of her children.
We postponed the meeting.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of when I was a kid.
I'd never let you kiss me.
That car is the most beautiful of the three.
I made a deposit of $1,000 at the bank.
She greeted me with a smile.
I don't like to use liquid laundry detergent.
Tom wants to stay for a while.
I think Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
He quit smoking.
I love onions!
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.
The server reboot is scheduled at 9 o'clock this evening.
He has lived in Kobe for three years.
Drink a cup of water.
I was unable to go to his birthday party.
It just gets worse.
An electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one.
We have illustrated the story with pictures.
I recognized your voice right away.
The fans all hope the club will change the manager.
Farmers are the heart of a country.
We need to go right at the next turn.
I also went there.
Someone locked me in the room.
When are you returning to Italy?
That was the best day of my life.
I like watching lesbian porn.
What else do you want me to say?
I didn't know that you were watching something.
I'm doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions.
Whilst at university, Xiaowang held the post of class monitor.
I didn't catch the train.
We have just cleaned the lavatory.
What do you mean?
She wants to be more independent.
How often do you see him?
Tom lives three miles east of here.
How did you reply?
I try.
I'm fine, and you?
Are there any movie theaters near here?
Do you think I'm crazy?
What are you hinting at?
We've seen all-round improvements lately.
He's able to speak Japanese.
Does she have a piano?
You have developed a bald spot.
He was elected mayor.
Justice is expensive.
This is where Tom's car was parked.
This is a map of the city of Sendai.
There were two pieces of cake.
Has Tom gone insane?
Help yourself to more potato chips.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow is Sunday.
Tom showed interest in the plan.
Worries are like ghosts - those who aren't afraid of them can't suffer at their hands.
Do you hate her that much?
It seems that you're not having a good time here.
Tennis is very popular among students.
Are we going out for lunch today?
I'm more beautiful than you.
Open the book.
This is the first time I've ever lent money to Mary.
I am not Canadian.
I asked Nancy to stay at home.
The leaves fell to the earth.
What does that word mean?
I have a lot of cats.
Our world is only a small part of the universe.
Are you done with your homework yet?
Your essay still needs some improvement.
Yes, we can.
I like reading.
There is no time for explanation.
He has spent ten years in jail for murder.
Do you work here?
I don't want to go outside this afternoon.
I lost three kilograms.
Winter is the season I like best.
Try and do better next time.
A girl gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
It snowed a lot.
What did I do?
She is now eighty-one years old.
Pace yourself.
Father always says, "Do your best."
It's the third of October.
It is not his business.
What did I hear?
My computer broke down.
They are going forwards and I am always going backwards.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
I'm not absolutely sure.
English has become an international language.
I'm exhausted.
Love and cough cannot be hidden.
I haven't found anything.
No one's perfect.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Tom translated the document into French.
Every nation, rich or poor, has its strengths and weaknesses.
I took leave of him.
Frankly speaking, I don't like you.
That's peculiar.
We used to go to the movies on Saturday evening.
Tom couldn't control himself.
I'm not fond of her face.
She paid me a visit yesterday.
The nearest star to our solar system is Proxima Centauri.
How many children do you have?
The shadow of the stick is visible.
I will play the guitar for you.
There are many mysteries in life.
If you want to, call me this afternoon.
The library is one of my favorite places.
Does my bum look big in this?
Heroes always arrive late.
I am in the habit of taking some exercise before breakfast.
Those were difficult times.
She studies Chinese too.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything about that.
Apart from on rainy days, I always ride my bike to work.
They are hugging and kissing.
I understand the concept.
You should try to be more polite.
How do you want this handled?
I like the sun a lot.
Let's go to the stadium, because today's match will not be televised.
Excuse me. Where's the metro?
Betty talks as if she knew everything.
Where is Mississippi?
He's antisocial.
He plays the piano without mistakes.
I'm bored and I have nothing to do.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
When I put 100 yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine, four cans dropped down all at once!
These are Algeria's best under-18 basketball players.
I saw him at the station a few days ago.
What will I find in the box?
He's depressed.
I can't ride a bike.
Although he is not a singer, his singing voice is fantastic.
Tom said he's going to tell us what he knows.
These are people.
Stay right here and relax.
I studied for more than two hours, and afterward I went to bed.
The meeting has been postponed until tomorrow.
I won't be home next Sunday.
The bridge crashed under the pressure.
Where did she put her key?
Please find me my wallet.
Nobody can stop me.
You ought to know better at your age.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
Where are your things?
The cat likes sitting in the chair more than I do.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
I do not think that she is at home.
The boy's nose was bleeding.
I'll be busy tomorrow.
Hi, my name is Tom. What's yours?
In spite of the heavy rain, he decided to go out.
There's something strange going on.
Tom shut his eyes.
What should I bring?
There's probably been a traffic accident.
I think you can keep it.
Tom took off his mask.
How tall is that tower?
I still don't know yet.
Her face turned red suddenly.
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
Please have a drink.
One of the girls was left behind.
Thank you for the pleasant evening.
Didn't you notice that?
This is a low-budget movie.
Don't let that happen again!
That rude man gave me a bad impression.
Wait here for a while.
You're not allowed to smoke here.
It isn't clear what the writer is trying to say.
Tom pretty much forgot about the meeting.
This is one of the T-shirts I bought in Australia.
Wine is put in barrels to mature.
The doctor told me I had to stop smoking.
Do you like singing?
Were you working last night?
The President refused to answer the question.
Tom and Mary fell asleep with their glasses on.
I'll see to it that you have a raise after the first year.
I want to get rid of it.
He's completely lost his mind.
Excuse me, could you pass me the sugar?
She's my classmate.
For me, it is important.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
My roommate is studying Chinese.
And what if someone sees us?
Tom sat on a tree trunk.
Tom wasn't as handsome as Mary said he was.
This movie is very popular among young people.
I thought you said Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
Do you know the password?
She doesn't like people being late.
I don't like the way you laugh at her.
I hated him.
I don't think that it's very likely that Tom will tell us the truth about what happened.
Sami put Layla on the speakerphone.
I have to change trains in Madrid.
I'm going to the bank to withdraw money.
I have just returned from the post office.
I heard our dog barking all night.
Who teaches you French?
Most people only want to hear their own truth.
The majority of his income goes to pay his rent.
Where's the checkout counter?
You ought not to make fun of them.
Where is the wedding to be?
Four multiplied by two is eight.
Why are there still wars in the world?
He was so angry he couldn't speak.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
She loves to read Chinese books.
Let's dance, my darling.
The hare was overtaken by the tortoise.
Why can't I see them?
The sun has just sunk below the horizon.
Between friends, to have a heart-to-heart is really rejuvenating.
Her teeth hurt a lot.
This car needs washed.
I do not need a loan anymore.
Don't kill too many birds and animals on earth.
Have you finished reading that book?
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.
May I leave school early today?
I love the sun.
I was given this watch by my uncle.
Please ask at the information desk.
I'm busy cooking at the moment.
I don't like artificial flowers.
She was seen at a restaurant with her lover.
Call me, please.
All the people present were moved by his speech.
I wonder why Tom is so excited.
Please don't ask.
I'm sorry I ruined your wedding.
Politeness is less observed today than it used to be.
"I'm leaving tonight." "Don't give me that!"
I don't think that Tom will say yes.
The house requires repairs.
I want to stay in a hotel near the airport.
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.
... Otherwise it is (or will be) hard to avoid a counterproductive situation.
He's accustomed to traveling.
He broke the world record.
You must not yield to temptation.
Coffee is ready.
Time ticks by more slowly around a black hole.
Children are poor men's riches.
Mary has as attractive a personality as her sister.
He is gifted with perfect wisdom.
When did you get up?
We arrived here at six yesterday evening.
My, aren’t you a shameless one?
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
Tom is out of the country.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom has a 13-year-old daughter.
Tom must be crazy.
I'm your neighbour from the fourth floor.
Don't forget that animals sometimes can be human-like.
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?
I'm staying at the Sheraton Hotel.
Tom and Mary don't know what they should do.
If you have any money, please lend me some.
Why don't you give her some flowers?
Whose is this bicycle?
Doing it this way was probably the most fun, too.
I decided to be a doctor.
Euro 2012 is being hosted jointly by Poland and Ukraine.
In an empty place, an emperor has no power.
I know Tom.
She was satisfied with the new dress.
Are they French?
Tom told him.
I am going to have a Chinese lesson.
Don't leave the door open.
Who cares?
We are leaving early tomorrow morning.
We have an elevator in our new house.
He passed away yesterday.
"A cat?" asked the old man.
I thought you were listening.
The store can supply us with anything we need.
We celebrated his birthday.
Lisa pretended not to hear.
Mary lives in her own world.
We are worried about grandpa and grandma.
Last year I went to Boston.
He's so selfish!
The fishing boat that had been missing returned to its port safely.
He is an easy mark at cards.
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes, and so the two of them decided to eat out.
This is where Tom usually parks his car.
We got together in the park.
There's not a moment to waste.
She sometimes gets depressed.
Have you finished it?
Can you guess what I have here?
I support political reform.
Tom is quite drunk now.
Thanks for the invite.
When the lights went out, Tom lit a candle.
These flowers grow in warm countries.
Who is the author of this book?
He can't speak English, much less French.
I've never had Chinese food.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
The funeral was yesterday.
I think you're lying.
These cardboard boxes are a hundred per cent recyclable.
This train stops at every station.
Tom has a bad reputation.
My husband's not in town.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
I'm not that easily intimidated.
If I were you, I'd put the money in a bank.
He said with a perplexed expression, "I've heard nothing, so I can't say anything."
When I was talking with him, he was constantly looking to his side.
I really like TV.
I have two brothers and three sisters.
I don't like you.
Aren't you supposed to be at school today?
I must write books.
How am I going to explain this?
Well done!
It's late already. Hurry up!
I feel sad.
But his friends call him Ken.
She helped an old woman cross the street.
He was very tired.
Zip up!
She married a wealthy old man.
I agreed with him on the plan.
My name is Tom.
I am shattered.
He climbed Mt. Fuji.
The history class starts at nine.
I don't work Sundays.
Tom had no children.
Is that Tom?
He is entitled to receive the reward.
What is the common language in Peru?
Another Scotch and water, please.
I have no debt.
How many galaxies are there in the universe?
You're stepping into dangerous territory.
That is my sister's camera.
He called a cab for me.
She made me a nice dress.
I totally agree.
This is a strange sentence.
Lincoln himself was taciturn.
The objectives of the marketing department and the sales department are not necessarily the same.
Tom regrets his mistake.
These tools are used for building a house.
Can you answer this question?
Cover your head when you are in the sun.
He asked me to pass him the salt.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
According to the weather forecast, it'll snow tomorrow.
I spent idle days during the vacation.
Tom may come back.
The value of the coins depended on the weight of the metal used.
You're impatient.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
I like your suggestion.
You should really take an infant CPR class.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
I don't want it.
I haven't eaten yet.
Anyone can join.
Fucking hell, what idiot dare phone me in the middle of the night?
On the whole I am satisfied with the result.
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair.
We're used to eating plain food.
I don't understand what he said.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
I play the piano after supper.
I'm drawing a bird.
There are no chairs in this room.
I'm a student.
They are considered the greatest rock band in history.
He lives alone in a little cottage in the swamp.
Is this your book, Mike?
I'm so disappointed in him.
Help me peel the potatoes.
Tom came over to my house for dinner yesterday.
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla.
That's an interesting piece of information.
Have you read this book yet?
I want to buy something to eat.
Every now and then he drops in at this bookstore on his way home from the office.
I did that, even though I didn't really need to.
Are we going to surrender to these monsters?
The chicken is raw.
Our plans for the summer are taking shape.
Yesterday I arrived in Boston.
I wrote a letter in English.
There is gold in green forests.
It began snowing just now.
He said that he hasn't done that.
He has only one aim in life, to make money.
I lost the watch.
Am I doing it right?
Does she play piano?
I am trying to ask my questions in French.
Mathematics is like the logic of physics.
Both my parents are at home now.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
They will not be at school tomorrow afternoon.
He brought me to school in a car.
In case of fire, call 119.
He picked up something white on the street.
I took my shoes off and put them under the bed.
She hates green peppers.
This is the room where the body was found.
All the toys are made of wood.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
The president said, "I don't give a damn."
The wind is howling outside the window.
The classmates all like reading Japanese manga.
You're by my side; everything's fine now.
Not that it's unacceptable.
What's the exchange rate today?
Are you paying by card or cash?
I shiver from the cold.
He works from Monday to Friday.
Did you eat breakfast?
Ah, I forgot to buy tofu.
Japan is poor in natural resources.
How can that be possible?
This country has a rich history.
The people's hardships are our hardships.
This is very easy.
My brother is watching TV.
I bet five pounds on the horse.
I teach history.
Rousseau was mad but influential; Hume was sane but had no followers.
I'd best be writing other things.
I've been told that you're a very competent person.
I hope that you give this book a read.
You are irresistible.
I'm just looking.
Did I miss the party?
I plan to never drink again.
English has now become the common language of several nations in the world.
I returned the knife which I had borrowed.
The United States borders Canada.
Innocence is a beautiful thing.
No matter how he tried, he could not open the door.
He has problems with adapting to lifestyle changes.
It seems that he likes collecting stamps.
She usually goes to bed at nine.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
It's noisy around here, so speak a little louder.
Bill didn't turn up at the party.
He's eating sweets.
Do you have an extra key?
The sun rose over the horizon.
Call an ambulance.
Tom quietly opened the door and tiptoed into the room.
Although the government refuses to admit it, its economic policy is in ruins.
Tom's always busy.
I know that you've been telling the truth.
I have been in Paris.
Tom whispered something to Mary and she smiled.
I have never been to America.
Are you an Arab?
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.
It's very cold here in February.
No, she has never fallen in love.
Translation is a scholarly discipline.
I would like to understand your home country.
Why is no one visiting my website?
She can't ride a bicycle yet.
No one knew where she was.
A lawyer is a person who prevents someone else from getting your money.
Just let Tom speak.
I am too short.
The meal is not salty.
Where are we eating breakfast?
Keep it up.
I can't speak English, much less German.
I'm going now.
Lucy can't use chopsticks.
I watch television after supper.
Are you ready?
I met her on campus yesterday.
She was named Kate after her mother.
How did they get to know one another?
The doctors are looking at an X-ray.
My home is your home.
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.
Did you accomplish the task?
What's making you laugh so hard?
The sky cleared up after the ritual was over.
I need another pillow.
Two times two is four.
I'm proud that my father is a good cook.
It's pretty cold.
I am in favor of your proposal.
I plan to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.
It is 7:45.
You'll be confused.
Life would become bland without you.
Radishes might be more expensive than the carrots.
They are reading.
I'm going to major in French.
Anybody can make a mistake.
I forgot to buy a gift for you.
She is my wife.
He came to Tokyo five years ago, that is to say, when he was twelve years old.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
How do you say this in English?
Tom said Mary snored.
I come from Beijing.
Why did you come here this morning?
No matter what happens, I won't change my mind.
It's going to rain, for sure.
Let them learn from us.
Don't tell anyone that I wet the bed.
When did Tom come?
I can never forget my hometown.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
Deeds are better than words.
The doctor is working from morning til night.
I'll be your first patient.
I live here.
My boss wants us to take the plane.
Better late than never.
Nobody answered my question.
I looked, but I didn't see anything.
I don't speak his language.
Why wasn't Tom arrested?
You may have it for the asking.
He can't cope with complicated situations.
My older sister often drinks tea with milk.
I don't like your girlfriend.
Tom was an architect.
My friends call me Ken.
The table had been covered with dust.
Did you find your parents?
I found it difficult to get along with him.
Could you lower the volume?
It took me five minutes to solve the problem.
How long have you been learning Dutch?
What's the name of this street, please?
I am blessed with good health.
I don't understand the meaning of this phrase.
I'm lazy about my hair, so I tend to look like a slob.
He read a most interesting novel yesterday.
I need to go to the toilet.
Can you tell me about your marital status?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?
I came to work here though his introduction.
She wants to know who sent the flowers.
We don't have class tomorrow afternoon.
He has a lot of authority.
My cell phone has a built-in digital camera.
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
That's flammable.
It's lunch time.
Is there central heating in this building?
It doesn't match the Latin one.
I want to enjoy much more.
She is very pretty, isn't she?
Even though America is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
I believe it my duty to protect these children.
He got hurt when he fell down.
I can't believe he did that.
We are conservative.
Tom works at a fast-food restaurant.
We can fix that.
When eating, the largest plate is always the table.
We plunged into the river.
I am the sole survivor.
I read the novel in three days.
He needs to rest in bed.
Bring your compass along.
His dog is his good companion.
Tom heard Mary's voice.
Please eat some cake.
Don't be silly. I can't do it.
You are going to drive me crazy!
I know that everything I need is here.
Due to the catastrophe caused by the huge tsunami, damage was sustained by the nuclear reactor as well as explosions at the nuclear power plant.
The largest bedroom faces south.
They shot Mary.
Lost in thought, Tom watched the sky as he smoked a cigarette.
But no one wanted to hear it.
Mary admits that she wasn't sure.
I don't have a pencil.
Guohua knows many foreign students, there are Japanese, Koreans, French, as well as Americans.
I hope you don't die.
It's against the rules to smoke at the office.
I thought Tom and Mary were crazy.
My head is exploding.
Let's get to work on that problem.
My grandmother can't see very well.
Tom's cooking was actually not so bad.
He fought against racial discrimination.
I must be getting close.
Both Tom and Mary want it.
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available, so it is impossible to repair it.
Threatening me is useless, I won't say anything.
Why do you need to read such a book?
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama?
The point is whether she will come or not.
I will make you happy.
He lives somewhere about here.
Did they understand?
Mary got on her knees.
It would be crazy to do that again.
American workers began to protest.
I didn't mean to do that.
Let's leave that until tomorrow.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
This is just between you and me.
Let me sleep just a little bit longer.
These are the decisions we've made.
Though it was very cold, I went out.
Are you insinuating something?
My sister has made remarkable progress in English.
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Poor as he is, he is happy.
The first term starts in April.
Me too.
You owe me the truth.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
He is a dentist by profession.
Please take care of your body.
I live in New York.
New Year's Day is close at hand.
He has a good knowledge of French.
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.
Translating is exhausting.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
Ignore Tom.
They never tell a lie.
I can't forget what happened that day.
The boy carved his name into the tree.
She angrily stared at him.
These dirty socks stink.
I want to be a sport reporter.
Are you following me?
I may have seen that film before, but I can hardly remember it.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
It turns out that you and I come from the same country.
Who cares when she will marry?
I'd be opposed to doing that.
She is unable to cope with stress.
In addition, she has an artistic flair.
When are we going sunbathing?
Gardening has been popular for some years.
He is getting along with his neighborhood.
I heard the phone ring.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
You're a good person.
I don't know his works very well.
I'm sorry to bother you so often.
At first I did not like rock music, but now I do.
I gave him the money.
Tom is happy.
What did you do?
Sunlight sparkled on the lake.
Tom's grinning.
You're not trying to trick me, are you?
There are all kinds of people in the world.
Where are you?
Why are you burning these pictures?
He is lacking in experience.
The danger past and God forgotten.
It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
How long did you live on the island?
I don't know where Tom's socks are.
Man will only become better when you make him see what he is like.
Peter is not in now.
May those who love each other end up together.
We have only one chance.
I am immediately in awe of you!
Put the pliers in the tool box.
Did you grade the tests?
I know I left it somewhere down here in the basement.
No matter how good you are, there will always be people who are better than you.
I don't want to take the IELTS or the TOEFL.
You've got to apologize.
She gave him the car.
My parents are getting divorced.
How long will we have to wait?
You are much too kind to me.
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
They were so young.
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was on my own."
Spring is the best season to visit Kyoto.
Don't stand next to me.
He's shorter than Tom.
That suits me all right.
Do you have a student ID?
He was hanged during the Revolution.
What can I do about it?
They let me go.
He is past forty.
What did you eat for lunch?
He is fresh from college, so he has no experience.
Do you speak the Shanghai dialect at school?
English is not spoken here.
I need to know.
The only way I can eat porridge is with lots of sugar.
I can't afford it.
We want to be on the first bus tomorrow morning.
She does not like to eat coconut-flavored things.
Are you going to eat here or do you want us to wrap it?
Could you help me to find it?
Pride goes before a fall.
I'm not in the least bit happy now.
He'll be back in ten.
She drank straight from the bottle.
She said that he was handsome.
You can write a sentence in a lot of ways and still keep the general message intact.
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?
I don't see what he says.
I visited Dan.
Why is my Internet connection so slow?
A laptop is better than a desktop.
I want to, but I can't.
This river flows quickly.
I'm sorry to hear it.
I need a new computer.
There were so many things I wanted to ask Tom.
I will always remember that.
Can you do it yourself? If you want, I can help you.
Tom is tired.
Are you angry with Tom?
Tom wasn't going to do anything to you.
These glasses are cool.
Have you ever greeted the small peach tree in German?
The fire has gone out.
Don't abandon me!
We are watching TV.
Tom is a vegan.
As I am off duty today, let's go to the beach.
Her mother is writing a letter.
Some plants cannot adapt themselves to the cold.
Did you drive her home last night?
I gave him a sedative.
I'd like to live in New York.
I think that they will be late.
Better to live dishonored than die proud.
Tom put his keys in his pocket.
This horse is not white.
We'll meet him there.
I am not interested in sports.
Leaves begin to fall in October.
Soap can clean grime.
He's Canadian.
The situation went from bad to worse.
I'm very methodical.
All bugs should be fixed today before we leave.
How is your mother?
Let me get you something to drink.
I don't think that I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
What does Tom suggest?
Tom works in a windowless office.
Is that a cat?
I had expected him at the meeting.
She managed to finish the work on her own.
I know what you mean.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
She participates in many school activities.
I will get the work done in a week.
We thought he was an American.
She is Betty.
Will you lend a hand, Taro?
I have a cat and a dog. The cat is black and the dog is white.
I suggest that, out of politeness, we drink as little as possible.
It's not that weird, is it?
You can ask for whoever you want to.
He has no manners at all.
I took your umbrella by a mistake.
Freedom is very, very important.
It was very small.
We'll talk later.
It's fine today.
Do you really think I look like Tom?
Mary isn't really sick. She's just pretending to be sick.
My teacher writes Chinese without a mistake!
He told her.
My tailor is rich.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
In the darkness, she could hear him and his guests chatting and laughing.
God only knows where he has gone.
Cars are expensive.
I admit I was careless.
I was forced to go to work on Sunday.
Don't leave the lights on when you leave the room.
I'm British.
I am an American.
Can you make out what he is trying to say?
He-heh... there's a tale behind that, for that place.
Tom didn't have lunch.
Mr. Davis looks very tired.
Tom and Mary ended 30 years of marriage.
We'll be late if we don't hurry.
They decided to get married.
Zeal for your house will consume me.
He's my friend. Do you know him?
He is the same age as me.
Don't talk like that.
I got lost, and to make it even worse, it then began to rain.
The mayor's family was harassed with threatening phone calls all day.
He said that it was nine o'clock.
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.
I am afraid of dogs.
Get up early in the morning.
Tom likes challenging himself.
How did you get in here?
Please come over if you have time.
His new car is wonderful.
If I had known that you were here, I would have come at once.
That girl isn't able to ride a bicycle.
What she said did not make sense.
I can't put up with this noise.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what he is after.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
Tom doesn't talk much.
My father is always getting angry.
Tom was so drunk that he didn't even recognize me.
She gave me some good advice.
Just one part of what he said got picked up by the media and took on a life of its own.
I do not work on Sunday.
Let me know if you need any help.
Tom tore the ticket to bits.
She began crying.
This course will help you master correct pronunciation.
What is this word's ancient pronunciation?
Yesterday was Friday, so he took a break.
Where is the hero?
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
I feel well today.
Tom isn't angry anymore.
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.
I don't want to see you.
Do you go running daily?
What a surprise!
What're you after?
What do you want it for?
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents.
His image is completely ruined.
I will be back soon.
I will call you tomorrow.
He has dozens of English books.
Each has their aspiration.
When you are cheerful, books can increase your happiness; when you are sad, books can lessen your sorrow.
It's been quite a while since I've written poetry.
Even if you leave your parents, you still won't think of them.
Allan was lucky and passed the tax accountant examination.
How dare you speak to me like that!
I've had to do everything by myself.
You should return home before it gets dark.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
Human beings differ from animals in that they can think and speak.
The only access to the village is from the river.
He shared his box of biscuits with all his friends.
Before going to France, Mr. Suzuki studied French.
The darkness will work to my advantage.
Grandmother takes great delight in watching television.
He's well built.
I am interested in music.
Money talks.
What is it about?
Only a few understood what he said.
He took a pencil in his hand.
Is Tom here, too?
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
If you want, I will come back here.
Don't try to intimidate me.
That tall man is Mr Smith.
What else?
I am nearly as tall as she.
We had an in-depth discussion about the problem.
You know that I'm willing to try this.
I should learn Esperanto.
You'd better not go there again.
It's the new year.
I am twelve years old.
Hemingway had a poor writing style.
What happened to you yesterday?
These kinds of mistakes are easy to overlook.
Thanks to the favorable wind, we soon reached the island.
I was asked to wait here.
It's weird isn't it?
We had a snowball fight.
This is where the accident happened.
Could you please sign the register?
I don't have a name.
No one else was hurt.
Yes, orange juice, please.
They're carrying out a book burning.
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
I don't know her.
I was given a nice watch by my uncle.
I want to study French.
Get out of my house.
I asked Tony a question.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
We will make the payment by bank transfer.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
You're all chickenshits.
It's changed so much, there are some places I don't even recognise.
Tim writes with his left hand.
She decided to move to Belgium.
It is beyond my power to build my own house.
I would like fruit juice.
I don't know how she should deal with this.
Not everyone is smiling.
I made a big decision today.
I stayed up till late at night.
Do you work at the hospital?
I got up while it was still dark.
Wash your hands before meals.
Thanks for your reply.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Australia.
I envied his new house.
She repeated her name slowly.
You may give this picture to whoever wants it.
This little girl let the birds escape.
Have a nice day.
Have you been in contact with him recently?
Are you trying to suggest that my emotional problems are no different than those of a stupid person?
I live within walking distance of school.
Do you really think I would help you?
Oh my god, it's delicious!
You have to sit down.
The police are investigating the cause of the accident.
I enjoyed talking with him at the party.
They have elected a new government.
We've got it figured out.
I want to see Tom.
I always liked mysterious characters more.
How are y'all?
He always eats breakfast here.
That was a close one.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
I've heard that name somewhere before.
I'm a journalist.
You look like you've just lost your best friend.
He didn't know what to do next.
Somebody's got to do something.
Please give me a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
Tom wasted time.
I resigned from my position as club treasurer.
You may have read this book already.
It doesn't start before eight thirty.
What do you make of this?
I am not famous.
Do you know how to eat with chopsticks?
This sounds interesting.
The goods arrived undamaged.
He kept silent during the meeting.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Did you watch the game?
He listened with his ear to the door.
She is what we call a bookworm.
It's our job to help her.
What are my options?
His low salary prevents him from buying the house.
Don't think I've forgotten you already, you've been on my mind, but I haven't been able to take the time to write to you.
Did you check this?
I gave the house to you.
Where do you write?
I paid the bill.
It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
Mario went missing after 8 o'clock in the morning.
These pigeons do not fear people. They can land on people's shoulders.
I have a photo of my girlfriend on my nightstand.
I am sleeping.
He was master of the situation.
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.
His mother used to be a singer.
There are things in this world which simply cannot be expressed in the form of words.
The man finally confessed.
You're not as smart as me.
That's not altogether false.
The simplest way is often the best way to solve a problem.
That river is dangerous.
You cannot take back what you have said.
The cat is eating.
I don't enjoy singing in public.
I'm from Sapporo.
Tom isn't good at math.
Watch out for thieves around here.
I studied French when I was in high school.
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.
Meetings are to be held on the afternoon of July 15 (Tuesday), all day July 16 (Wednesday), and the morning of July 17 (Thursday).
You can come with me.
It isn't your problem.
Not that it's not possible.
Another war, and we will be ruined.
I got up at six this morning.
Have you fed the parrots?
I am 12 years old.
The dress fits you very well.
Science has brought about many changes to our lives.
We unexpectedly found a cat in the box.
For computer people, days are like years without the internet.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
Please wait until the end of this month.
He is as good as dead.
Can I have a bottle of red wine?
Few students use pencils these days.
The toy department is on the fifth floor.
The design itself is flawed.
We think that he's honest.
I recognised her straight away; she hasn't changed a bit.
Do you have a larger size?
I have to go to the airport to meet my family.
"Can somebody help me?" "I will."
I don't believe it at all.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
Where did you find his photo?
I had just written the letter when he came back.
The situation is worse than we believed.
How come you didn't say anything?
We still have to tell them.
I like English Breakfast tea the best.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
I've found a place to live.
Will you pass me the salt?
Come feel my forehead.
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.
Go when you want.
Tom embraced his son.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
His English is improving very quickly.
Do you think Tom was satisfied?
Tomorrow I'm going to visit my mother in the hospital.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
He became thought of as the best lawyer in this city.
Vegans don't eat any animal products.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
That's a good sign.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.
Tom says he's willing to help.
I can't deny it. You've got style.
Put the book there.
Where would you like to go first?
What are your thoughts on this?
This toy is made of wood.
There's a secret passage on the left.
Linux is a free operating system; you should try it.
They did not see anything.
I love to play golf.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
I didn't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
Butter and cheese are made from milk.
Tom told me he didn't take French at secondary school.
The letter was written by Tom.
At last, the truth was revealed to us.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go hiking.
I'm as tall as my father.
Let's discuss the problem with them.
My hobby is to read.
Hush!
They accused me of having broken my promise.
He has been dead for ten years.
Teachers should treat all their students impartially.
I've had a bath.
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn't interested.
Johnny was a chemist; now Johnny is no more. For what he thought was water, was H2SO4.
I can't bear the pain.
You get in my way?
I learned to live without her.
Finally, he reached his goal.
They say fine words are no virtue if they're insincere and that's him in a nutshell. He's all talk but doesn't mean a word of it.
She taught me how to write a poem.
Do you know when the supermarket closes?
I'm on a diet.
Sit in the well and look at the sky.
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes.
Please fill out this form first.
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
Before you speak ill of people, look at yourself in the mirror.
I no longer have the energy to talk.
You can study, no matter your age.
It is less cold today than it was yesterday.
I have a lot of work to do.
You can see a lot of stars in the sky.
You're not my type.
This book is hers.
That boy used to drop in on me.
I was thinking that I'd go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
Tom, this is your car?
Life is sweet.
He is the last person to give away the secret.
I like beef more than lamb.
The man you see over there is my uncle.
I never drink unless there's a big event of some kind.
I'm starting to dislike her.
Attack is the best form of defense.
You've got a strong will.
Are you a bachelor?
I'm not afraid of anything.
Did Tom get the package we sent to him?
Tom and Mary will go with me.
She is wearing dancing shoes.
What is the name of that bird?
This school sets high moral standards for pupils.
This isn't my bag.
"Is he by the car?" "No, he is in the car."
The suspect is a caucasian female.
I haven't finished my sandwich yet.
Do you know who this belongs to?
When did your friend leave for America?
Jane is absent from school today.
She always takes care of her children.
Can you have a look at my gums?
He lives in that house over there.
I agree to your proposal.
I'll give you anything that you want.
I'm beginning to remember it.
How do we find it?
After ten minutes' walk we came to the museum.
I'm very strict.
She adores cakes.
He did not think he needed their protection.
They awarded her first prize at the art exhibition.
They kissed.
Do you have a bicycle?
Don't speak to anyone.
Have you ever seen sausage being made?
Have you been fired?
I'll tell her you came by.
You should be able to read this book easily.
His success is out of question.
How did you get the free ticket for the car show?
Tom eats the same food day in and day out.
It's not necessary to answer that letter.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is tofu.
Choose food low in fat, sugar and salt, and high in fibre.
Only small populations of giraffes remain in this country.
He solved the difficult problem.
Everyone knows that Tom lied.
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
He took off his overcoat.
When are you going to leave for London?
I'm not old.
We must execute his orders.
He doesn't altogether trust me.
This morning the weather is cloudy.
Sooner or later, you will regret your idleness.
If he knew her phone number, he could call her.
What were you doing when I called you yesterday?
He got angry.
Am I allowed to know the reason?
It was almost the perfect crime: we arrived at the scene, opened the trunk, killed the man and cleaned up the prints, but we forgot to hide the body.
In 1900, he left England, and he never returned.
Don't underestimate us.
Tom said that he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Jose, Anna, hello.
There are billions of stars in the sky.
Because we only have one earth, we need to understand more how to care for it.
There is something wrong with my car.
I ask you, he's been cheating me!
What's wrong with what we were doing?
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
What did you come here so early for?
I thought his opinion was relevant.
She thought of a good solution.
Has something good happened?
About how much will I have to pay for all the treatments?
This book is really old.
Who is Minghui?
May I see your passport, please?
It's still too early to get up.
He regrets having wasted his time.
Without the sun, there would be no life.
I'm praying.
This makes me very angry.
Can I have a paper bag?
You ought not to go out.
I am sick.
As the sun rose, the fog disappeared.
Me? Encourage you to work? Blasphemy!
I'm certain that Tom is the only one who won't do that.
You said that you'd help me.
I'm not jealous.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
His son is learning to drive.
A DNA test showed he was innocent.
That is just what I wanted.
I love my country with every fiber of my being.
Don't bully me!
Please do not run in the classroom.
He is now staying in Paris.
You're not fast enough.
He won the Nobel Prize for Literature.
I need many books.
I don't like the way this fruit smells.
Tom is so stupid, right?
Losing your temper for no reason would invite the resentment of others.
I have not finished my homework yet.
When are we eating? I'm hungry!
We ate sandwiches for breakfast.
This idea has been in his mind for a long time now.
Her red dress made her stand out.
He broke the law.
It's a good three kilometres from here to the bank.
I have no idea.
We can help Tom.
I know your older brother quite well.
Fighting won't settle anything.
She is a prostitute.
I don't understand any French.
I would like you to translate this book into English.
I was bored with his speech.
His office is near the train station.
I didn't recognize anyone in the photo.
It looks like Tom won the race.
One who doesn't take risks will not win.
Mary will keep doing that if she wants to.
I was abroad on an assignment.
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
I like drinking beer and wine.
What do you think she can do?
Open fire!
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
I like this one.
Do you recognise it?
Tom talked about his school.
I don't know the exact length of this bridge.
Just say no.
Do you have a better explanation?
Which painting is bigger?
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
Could you shut the door?
I don't think we've been introduced.
I knew it was Tom.
I'm afraid of spiders.
I find it hard to get up early on cold mornings.
Japan is located in Asia.
What time does the play begin?
I will not do it again.
If you do not have this program, you can download it now.
Brush your teeth clean.
Start!
As soon as she finished, she lay down and had a nap.
However hard you try, you can't finish it in a week or so.
Why didn't Tom need to go to Boston?
I am exhausted.
I'll show you the way.
She has many friends in the United States.
I don't like him.
Tom's passport has expired.
I think this is true.
I don't have a good feeling about this.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
Do you have a French dictionary?
He keeps making the same mistake.
These children are so cute!
Santa lives at the North Pole.
It isn't easy to distinguish good from evil.
You get out of class?
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
I'm sorry that I cannot come over today.
I thought that Tom would be worried.
I'm Mary's boyfriend.
Yesterday I read an article about acid rain.
So mean!
What is he doing?
If you don't want to speak, you don't have to answer.
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class.
"Is it an illegal taxi?" I ask him.
Please let me try the game.
I wish I could buy that guitar.
To make matters worse, it began snowing.
May I be the first to offer my congratulations.
I didn't know that dogs swim well.
Practice is as important as theory, but we are apt to value the latter and despise the former.
You're afraid to sleep, aren't you?
What's your cousin's name?
Please look up this word in a dictionary.
You can ask the child who is playing over there.
We're out of stock now.
I've spent 500 dollars in one day.
I would like some fish.
They sell everything here.
Anyone can do it if they try.
Kanji are difficult to read.
A pack of dogs got wet.
Tom waved his hand.
You really don't have the right priorities!
The equator divides the globe into two hemispheres.
She loves the doll like her own sister.
I remember mailing the letter.
I thought that you were a teacher.
I like drawing.
Open the window.
Tom is meeting Mary this afternoon.
Tom is a celebrity.
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.
I think the eggs that I just ate were rotten.
She never wears makeup, but she always looks very charming.
There's no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
You should give up smoking.
This is your color!
You should've rejected such an unfair proposal.
They're busy.
Our friendship was put to the test.
I had chicken pox when I was a kid.
Learning English requires patience.
Tom's left-handed.
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.
If you're tired, go to sleep!
Thanks for your advice.
He visited her house the other day.
Fear is more harmful than the sharpest of swords.
Most people write about their daily life.
What a long cucumber!
Tell me how you got over such troubles?
Dead men tell no tales.
That's the stupidest thing I've ever said.
I drank tea yesterday.
What did you say your name was?
There on the top of a high mountain they built a small town of their own and lived in peace.
Today is Monday.
In my opinion, you are wrong.
He was involved in the trouble.
That mountain is easy to climb.
The girl was gazing at the doll.
Love yourself. Go vegan!
Taking the group of children to the library was no problem.
What will it take to bring him down?
This red hat corresponds well to her dress.
You can take a taxi.
Let's toss up for it.
Tom's diabetic.
I watched the baseball game last night.
Tom is not an idiot.
Let them decide.
I didn't know he drank so much.
It turned out that the rumor was false.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
What are my responsibilities?
Is there any chance you'll go to Australia next month?
Even if I don't get a high salary, I'm not willing to quit this way of making a living.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
The ice-cream will melt, so I put it in the fridge.
I could hear birds singing outside my window.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.
Tom must have been displeased.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
Looks like today will be a long day.
Do you know Tom's address?
She has bought a new computer.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
Why did you come to Japan?
Her eyes gushed with tears.
I don't know what I'm going to do next.
One of the children asked one day: "Where do babies come from?"
You can reach the park by either road.
We were happy to do that for you.
If a piece of knotted string can unleash the wind, and if a drowned man can awaken, then I believe a broken man can heal.
She has gone to the United States.
That won't make any difference.
I always got up early in my childhood.
He always gets bullied at school.
The opposite of "inconvenient" is "convenient".
Both Tom and his wife grew up in Australia.
This sofa takes up too much space.
Stay for a while.
Do you ski?
He is leading an easy life in the country.
That should make you happy.
Tom seems very happy.
Does he like me?
I'm thirsty.
Do you have a rewards card?
The way a country treats its intellectuals is a sign of its civility. The way a country treats its farmers is a sign of its conscience.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
It's very cold today.
Trust me.
He hates maths the most.
How do you read this character?
I like classical music.
I shouldn't have lied to you.
We sometimes make mistakes.
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering.
I have already been waiting for two hours, and I can't wait any longer.
Have you ever been to Venice?
A burglar broke into his house.
Is the pencil long?
We expect him to come back soon.
You must have been asleep.
Who doesn't know it?
I'm afraid I've offended you.
She showed more composure than others.
Can I rest a bit?
I stayed home because of the rain.
Shall we go out for a walk?
Put them in the corner.
I play tennis once in a while.
It's a very good plan.
Don't be late for school again.
Her new book is selling well.
Rainy days make me depressed.
On his arrival in London, he sent me a telegram.
My driving instructor says I should be more patient.
Mr Davis looks very tired.
We got on the bus at Shinjuku.
Where've we got to?
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.
What do I think, you say ... well then, I'll give you my candid opinion.
Who told you that Tom and I are dating?
I want to spend my life with you.
The tower leaned slightly to the west.
We have no sugar.
I've got a boat.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
Quit talking, will you?
Esperanto grammar is very simple.
Summarize the contents in 60 English words.
I think you've mistaken me for somebody else.
He and his companion asked me to come along with them.
Sorry, I made a mistake.
We can hardly imagine our daily life without television.
Did you hear your name called?
He is happy.
She is second to none in French.
When I woke up this morning, I felt a little ill.
How were your last exams?
Some of the essays are very interesting.
Why are you so worried?
Don't get angry.
Shame on you!
They still attacked us, despite clearly agreeing to sign the non-aggression pact.
I do want to go to Italy.
She said she had a cold.
By the age of 25, she had lived in five different countries.
Can't you move your stuff to the other room?
Why don't you give your mouth a rest?
I punched Tom.
It's been years since he disappeared.
Tom drew a snowman.
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
I do not know when she will come back.
Come along with us if you like.
What do you think I want?
She runs.
This is my dad.
I mix mayonnaise with ketchup.
Tom owns two houses and a boat.
I suddenly thought of my dead mother.
We don't have time to argue.
We are waiting for Tom.
All in all, I think my hobbies are balanced; they bring some relaxation to my life, and at the same time bring focus to my studies.
My class is not very big; there are only 11 students.
If it's fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
We arrived at the same time.
My room is a mess.
Between you and me, he's a shallow thinker.
She visited Kanazawa two years ago.
On New Year's Day many Japanese go to the shrine to worship.
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
Tom wanted revenge.
What is the population of India?
I am writing a draft of the speech.
We should've taken the schedule into consideration.
The weak are food for the strong.
Cherish our cultural relics; it is all our duty.
I'm nervous and scared.
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.
My father came back from Osaka last week.
I like eating Hami melons.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady, Michelle Obama.
It is good to see you.
The old man was sitting on the bench.
Tom is a lot younger than Mary is.
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
I belong to the drama club.
Those grapes look sweet, but in fact they're sour.
How do you come to that conclusion?
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can't do that.
They're taking us for cash cows.
He read the letter over and over.
Ask her how much soup she wants.
I wrote a letter last night.
I spent my vacation in Hakone.
Owls are my favourite animals.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
By the time we had arrived, it was already dark.
Today I finally worked up the bravery to say to her "I love you!"
Our baseball team is very strong.
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
Mary showed the letter to me.
I've put all of my energy into this plan.
No! Absolutely not!
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
He's eating lunch.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
It's nearly three o'clock.
Send for a doctor at once.
I haven't seen Tom in a while.
May I speak with the teacher?
Is there a difference between steamed buns and steamed bread?
What are you doing tonight?
Are you feeling under the weather?
He told me that she was sick.
Did Tom say anything?
He does not seem pleased with his condition.
I come from Australia.
In case of emergency, call the police.
I don't know if today is Tuesday or Wednesday.
They were alone in the library.
There used to be an old temple here.
Let's not ever do this again.
I asked Mike to help me.
It seems that Mr. Tanaka has taken his exam.
There are many good reasons not to do it.
He is only a poet.
He worked very hard.
School starts next week.
That book is a new book.
She will make him a good wife.
I talked to Tom.
Cherry trees are now in bloom in Washington.
I missed a lot.
I have three dogs. One of them is male and the other two are female.
Eat and drink.
There was no cat.
They now have three kids.
Tom is Maria's husband's best friend.
Why don't you rest a bit?
Father bought me a camera.
I am not acquainted with her.
Thank you for agreeing to meet with us.
I think I'm getting sick.
This could hurt our business.
How often do the buses depart?
Time is money.
Where do they want to go?
Who's the boy that's swimming over there?
Wine helps with digestion.
I've started Android programming.
At that time, the two main schools of thought in psychology were behaviourism and psychoanalysis.
The Waterfront project will help to keep Edinburgh up-to-date and bring more people to Scotland's capital city.
You can speak Spanish.
Tom can play the guitar.
I'm afraid it'll rain tonight.
It's hard to believe Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
I never make a speech without being nervous.
Water consists of hydrogen and oxygen.
While I'm at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
We accept your challenge.
Where's the nearest station?
Where does your grandfather live?
It was a cold night.
Why are you under the desk?
Oh, thanks! How thoughtful.
Do you want a drink?
I regret eating those oysters.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
Five years is too long to wait.
We are anxious about her safety.
It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
Tom said he didn't want to go drinking with us.
He owes his success to good luck.
You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen.
They married when they were young.
The cows were moving very slowly through the long green grass.
I am an atheist.
I'm very grateful to you.
We saw him walking across the street.
Add pepper!
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
I don't speak Esperanto.
You have enough time to catch the train.
Hmm.
They helped one another to make the school festival a success.
I have friends here.
It is enough for today.
Tell Tom that I won't be there.
I was busy studying for the term exam.
The old man breathed his last.
Should I make a confession of my past to her?
He looks like a good boy.
Yanni's children grew up in Algiers.
I don't like to be alone.
It was my grandfather that told me that story.
Traffic is a major urban problem.
I want to see your mother.
When the ball was dead, Luis ran up to the ball and booted it.
We're learning Chinese.
Tom told Mary that he loved her.
Let's stay here tonight.
"I need to inspect the wound," said the doctor.
Seems like we do know each other.
I lied because I was embarrassed.
Tom wrote postcards to us.
When are you going to come?
Her acute observation skills make her a very suitable photographer.
We really didn't know; we won't do it next time.
It is dangerous to swim here.
Please stop fighting.
It's not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
Really refreshing!
Why did you tell this joke?
Do you know what happened?
The town was destroyed by the flood after the storm.
Tom is going to be getting home soon.
I'm sorry that I've kept you waiting so long.
One of the children left the door open.
Do you want apples or peaches?
This message doesn't make sense.
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium.
Tom is not very good at it.
In one year there are twelve months.
Tom is drinking apple juice.
You like fishing, don't you?
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
You'll never achieve anything if you don't study harder.
In any case, just tell me if you want to come to Tianjin for a vacation.
The room was empty except for a shabby bed.
Tom isn't Jewish.
She says that she's never seen hedgehogs with ears.
You have to polish your English.
She's already sleeping.
I had nothing to hide.
The dog nervously looks at the master.
I can't take my eyes off you.
I'd like to know the exact time.
Tom reached for a dictionary that was on the very top of the shelf.
He sold me down the river.
Tom was a bit puzzled by Mary's answer.
How many books do you think you've read so far?
I think a film is more interesting than any book.
When I grow up, I want to be a king.
Sami didn't have an income.
You're still shivering.
Jorge can speak four languages.
I'm no quitter.
You're still young, but not permanently.
Who would want to live here?
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that again.
My grandmother lives by herself.
What is your mother tongue?
The baby is not capable of walking yet.
Is the door open?
Tom was a little late.
The European likes to drink wine.
I felt that my honor was at stake.
I don't have much time.
He held his breath.
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.
The boat is to leave for England this evening.
She wept reading the letter.
In the most secret chamber of the castle lay the greatest treasure on earth—the Book of Truth.
I arrived in Tokyo at noon.
Shine your shoes before going out.
I think that I drank too much.
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?
Are there any tickets left for a train to Guangzhou tonight?
Do you think he is good for the position?
There's no way to know.
She gave us a present.
Did you live in Sasayama last year?
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.
I don't know who made this cake.
You're fortunate.
He goes to London once a month.
His coolness has alienated his friends.
She tried to hide her tears.
Maybe you're right.
Can you translate it?
What do you advise me to do?
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
I have neither time nor money.
Please let me know when you come to Osaka.
There is an orange on the table.
My son believes in Santa Claus.
Shall we drink a cup of coffee?
Do you have a ballpoint pen?
It's hard for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
The radio didn't mention the incident.
He stared at me from head to foot.
She has a lot of English books.
What do you call this bird in English?
If you get sick, go to the doctor.
My brother took me to the museum.
You should have Mr Green correct your English pronunciation.
Tom couldn't see anyone.
That is a matter of degrees.
"He used to love me," she answered sadly.
He's been awarded a gold medal once.
Money counts for much in political circles.
How much longer is that going to take?
Jim put the key into the lock.
It seems very interesting.
We have nothing in common.
The boy put on his athletic shoes and ran outside.
I got up early to be in time for the train.
Nothing lasts forever, not for a long time, anyone can find an excuse to go ahead.
I wish you good luck.
I take full responsibility for the action.
Everyone dies.
Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
The picnic was called off because of rain.
He is very handsome.
I don't agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English.
Why did he do such a thing?
Do you have anything to remove stains?
You were treated unfairly.
We can't let you do that.
It's fun to travel.
I had to stay in bed all day.
Tell me; who is this young man?
Hello, Teacher Li.
There's somebody who wants to meet you.
I would have liked to come with you, but I didn't have time.
What have you guys done to me?
Be careful what you say, Andrea; the walls have ears.
I can't believe you are eating something the doctor has told you repeatedly you shouldn't eat.
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.
You should have been more careful.
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
What are you up to?
Second best is never enough.
Whenever the boss is around, he pretends to be busy.
Are you still collecting stamps?
I don't have a friend with whom I can talk about this.
Tom played the violin.
Her days are numbered.
I love butterflies.
She went to Italy to learn Italian.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
I've got tons of ideas.
I like to walk in the rain.
Should he hear of your marriage, he will be furious.
Haven't you got a telly?
Bring me the dictionary.
They believed that the earth was flat.
How many residents live within this city?
I'm poor.
What do you think of that?
The train gathered speed.
Put the following sentences into English.
You brought it over?
I lived in Kouenji.
Has anything changed?
After rain comes fair weather.
Wood burns.
I told Tom that I thought that it was a good idea.
Lambs are usually killed before they are one year old and eaten by humans.
I feed my cat every morning and every evening.
Have you gone crazy?
These are boys and those are girls.
I've lost my new fountain pen.
I want to talk to him.
Such behavior can cause an accident.
I'm still hungry.
Excuse me, do you speak English?
He is far from a good tennis player.
She accompanied me on the piano.
He is enjoying his school life.
The boy grew up to be a great statesman.
Tom has apparently done that already.
I have been busy today.
The things are in dad's car.
Give it to me, please.
The defense of the master thesis is just happening next month.
Operation Yoav was a military operation carried out by Israel in its war for independence.
They are having breakfast now.
Entry is strictly for staff only.
Let's start right away.
My grandmother is already more than ninety years old.
All of a sudden the sky became dark.
There is always only one reality.
This smells great! What are you cooking?
Experience is the best teacher.
Kobe is the city where I was born.
Sami's bag was seized by police.
Tom teaches sport psychology.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
The dwarves are great smiths.
Thanks for telling me the truth.
It may be that he likes his job.
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
I'm in love with her.
Honestly, I also want to learn Japanese.
You have to obey the law.
She's younger than his daughter.
The various dialects of China are what 'Chinese' really is.
I'd almost forgotten about that.
I walked without hope, already resigned to the certain fate of being abandoned forever.
Tom was driving too fast on the corner and ended up in the ditch.
She is tall.
Hi.
Tom glanced at the clock on the wall.
You can drive a car, can't you?
Tom is sure to complain.
Tom, is that really you?
Mary didn't recognize her ex-husband.
The ticket holds good for three days.
A theory must be followed by practice.
I teach French to adults.
I have trouble breathing.
Perhaps it'll rain in the afternoon.
He comes here every three days.
The couple had a son.
Korea allowed an inspection by the IAEA.
Do you speak Latin also?
He is not religious.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
I only asked to do this.
You can buy stamps at any post office.
I am convinced that things will change for the better.
Superstitions derive from the inability of men to acknowledge that coincidences are merely coincidences.
Life is a fatal sexually transmitted disease.
I don't want to swim.
There is only one bath towel.
The French Revolution began in 1789.
The sun rose from the sea.
That's not Tom's fault.
That red car hit the blue van.
He's good at flying kites.
I ate fried rice and drank some beer.
I'll come as often as possible.
How very curious!
He is in conference.
His appearance led me astray.
This chair has to be fixed.
Take care when you cross a busy road.
How will the weather be tomorrow?
I really think we should do this.
You don't seem happy.
It's the animal in me that wants it.
Who is the girl standing over there?
Let's sing the Belarusian song!
I stayed in hospital for a few weeks.
This is the church where we got married.
Tom finally did something right.
Was Tom asleep?
My father helped me with my homework.
Is there a hospital near here?
Come along with me.
Is Tom swimming?
This is the worst book I've ever read.
She likes to drink red wine, but doesn't like to drink white wine.
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.
I heard Tom scream.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandmothers and grandfathers.
I'm tired of listening to his boasts.
This may take a while.
I heard an unusual sound.
Do you know where he lives?
The bridge is built of wood.
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead.
From the time he got up, his beliefs began to sway.
Have you washed your hands yet?
Tom lost his job.
He explained the plan's main objective.
I'm not married to Tom.
What kind of person looks up to a genocidal killer and calls him a hero?
Tom has been really busy recently.
Do you like strawberries?
Whether you believe it or not, I believe it.
I've been there a couple of times.
I am from Shikoku.
We are going to take the bus that leaves at four.
I lost my way and, what was worse, it began to rain.
"I think so, too," she chimed in.
As it is, prices are going up every week.
Mary can speak Japanese.
The manager approved our plan.
Tom attached the string to the kite.
Sami didn't say anything to me.
I've been taking this medication for many years.
Waiter, the check, please.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
The sound woke me up.
I wasn't busy yesterday.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
"Whose chair is this?" "It is mine."
It's already over.
You're a very good teacher.
During my free time I like to hang out with my friends.
I think Tom's in danger.
I'm afraid of the bus.
Explain to him the difficult situation you are in.
Tom wondered why there was a dog in his house.
Oh, really?
He bought a car.
The short answer is yes.
There are not many amusements in the village.
I met him while going back home.
I'm living with my uncle.
A complete intransitive verb takes neither complement nor object.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
Are you fed up of desserts?
She lives with him in a small apartment.
I don't care what happens.
She doesn't want kids.
It won't make any difference.
That was the skirt that Mary bought yesterday.
I am in a tight place.
Mathematics is his best subject.
The Baha'i Faith is a really cool religion.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams; it is still a beautiful world.
I sell two flowers.
Can I turn off the TV?
He covered his eyes with one hand.
Everybody in the village knew him.
Because they're watching television.
I speak Chinese.
Children like outdoor activities.
He could not believe his ears.
Could you turn the television down a bit?
Europe has a smaller population than Asia.
I went home to change clothes.
You'd better not keep company with him.
Why did you show me this?
It's getting dark quickly.
John is senior to me by two years.
All his sentences are short.
Do you want to look at it?
I love the Dim sims from Tim Ho Wan.
I cannot visit you every day.
You're the one who suggested that we sing together.
Is it true you're trying to do that?
Will you stay at home?
Where are you going to go on your vacation?
New buildings are being built here, there and everywhere.
Tom was full.
I think it's time for you to grow up.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
Makes no difference anyway.
I shave every morning.
I've already finished my homework.
Am I a cat?
What time is dinner served?
Tom didn't know what Mary was talking about.
It's already eleven o'clock. I must be leaving now.
They are reading her book.
The prince was lost in the woods.
Your reason is very good.
You need to pay more attention to details.
Why should I go to school?
My older sister exercises every day to lose weight.
She has an agreeable voice.
I didn't know Tom was going to be arrested.
My memory failed me. I just could not remember his name.
Now it's official.
I lost the camera I'd bought the day before.
We wear wool in winter.
Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
Who's that woman?
You must not speak loudly.
Who told you Tom broke his leg?
Sure, but let's eat dinner first.
I'll miss you.
It happened in the blink of an eye.
When are you coming home?
There is a bus every 20 minutes.
I have already been here for two hours.
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
I don't like the way he talks.
I'm not a real fish, I'm just a mere plushy.
Tom put a lot of honey on his toast.
Some read books to kill time.
Hello!
Even though the United States is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Did you get my letter?
Everyone should bring their own lunch.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.
I understand Turkish.
I didn't see Stefan.
A cat just came out of the basket.
My grandmother has a green thumb.
Which do you like better, spring or fall?
Russia is bigger than Pluto.
How many movies did you watch last month?
Where do you want to go today?
Could you bring me some water?
On this small island are two large towns and many small settlements.
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.
You didn't protect me.
I'm going to the restaurant.
I do not want to examine the cause, because then I would have to cross into politics. I would like to avoid that. I'm just telling the truth as it is.
It was a very, very hot night.
Are you breathing?
She talked childishly.
I thought that you were injured.
It has been raining since Sunday.
We agreed to share the housework.
I'm already awake.
He behaved like a madman.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
This boy is my son.
What language do people speak in America?
Wounds heal as time passes.
Let's not waste time arguing about it.
The crops need rain.
By the time I arrived at the school, the class had already finished.
We need at least one policymaker on the committee to provide the perspective of someone who can help make decisions about the research.
With whom did you talk?
She complained that my salary was low.
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.
We are going to have a great time together this afternoon.
The monkey fell from the tree.
My best friend dances really well.
They got to the hotel after dark.
Tom is happy here.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
That's what I said.
I have a metal table.
They also have ‘You can be serious without a suit’ as one of their key beliefs.
Bill often doesn't keep his promises.
Where did you take your shoes off?
I have already done my homework.
Every step in the experiment was deliberate.
I love the trunk.
He survived a flight accident.
Who else in Boston do you know?
I play the tenor saxophone.
I want to go to the cinema.
Translation is by no means easy.
I would like to talk to Tom.
If you don't want to do it, you don't have to.
Tom is a racist.
He founded the school five years ago.
Leave it to me, I'll take care of this problem.
Were you in Boston last summer?
May I go out to play?
Is it a recent picture?
He as well as you likes baseball.
Could you give me your phone number?
Love is more powerful than death.
He's very angry.
It's impossible to do the sights of Tokyo in a day or two.
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.
A real friend is like a rare bird.
I came back home to eat a meal.
I would rather die than surrender.
Tom apologized for what he did.
I'm cooking dinner.
Can you tie me up?
The plane is ready.
It didn't eat.
Flies and mosquitoes interfered with his meditation.
So, where's the problem?
I like red wine better than white.
Prices continued to rise.
What he said really hurt me.
Tom is taller than I am.
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.
It's been a long war.
I live in Hyogo.
If it had not been for civil war, they would be wealthy now.
I am not without my shortcomings, but these shortcomings can easily be amended.
She works as a massage therapist.
He can speak French, and obviously English.
We have all we need for now.
I've just been to my uncle's house.
This afternoon, the World Health Organization confirmed three thousand new cases of coronavirus, among which a hundred people died.
Please put those chairs away.
Henry is old enough to support himself.
Perhaps he'll never become famous.
Grandmother sent us a box of apples.
Tom smells horrible.
Courage is a strange thing: One can never be sure of it.
Sami requested vegan food.
Before we look at these test papers, I have something to say.
The dog barked at the stranger.
She depends on her husband for everything.
I don't know if it's true or not.
Sadly, most young people speak dialect only rarely.
What subjects do you like the best?
I will finish my homework by nine.
You're not even fazed. You must have known all along!
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
My grandmother told me so.
We eat butter on bread.
Could you help me translate this into French?
He climbed the stairs.
His room's a mess.
There is too much acid in this orange.
Mary took out the eggs one by one.
It would be wonderful if you could sing at our wedding.
He believes that he can prove it.
Mary prided herself on her beauty.
He is still green at the job.
She went there yesterday.
Tom cannot drive.
He came 30 minutes late.
Even though we are far apart, we still keep in touch.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
She asked me where I was going.
Mathematics is difficult for me.
He reads a lot.
Yumi will become a teacher.
I recommend it strongly.
I can drive a car.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
I expect her back by six o'clock.
You don't look too good.
The topic is worth discussing.
Anna and Hesai are classmates.
Does he live here?
You should stay in the hospital for treatment.
Tom's dog bit him playfully.
This wasn't cheap, was it?
The apple is on top of the book.
He's younger than me.
The clock gains five minutes a day.
There's no point torturing him anymore, he won't confess.
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body.
Dust off the shelf.
No one is listening to Tom.
There are several kinds of cloud formations.
Nighttime is my favorite time of the day.
I work for a bank.
Many countries have abolished capital punishment.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
Let's make our own language so no one will know what we're talking about!
What does she do in the evening?
It goes without saying that he is not guilty.
This soccer match is full of energetic and splendid competition.
I prefer red wine to white.
He keeps company with a foreign student.
He outweighs me by 10 kg.
I thought I told you to stay away from my computer.
I've got a toothache.
Hello! Linfeng.
I bought an electric bike.
It'll be fine tomorrow.
Where were you yesterday at 2:30?
You're leaving already?
A connection between personality and blood type has not been scientifically proven.
I don't like swimming in pools.
Is this your family's cat?
I found these.
I like pizza very much.
He is a doctor by profession.
I don't even know if Tom went to college or not.
I don't believe Tom's version of the story.
He talked with his eyes shining.
I can't see anything, either.
The new teacher was a disappointment to the class.
Let's continue the game after supper.
In this album all the sounds that you hear are really elaborate computer voices.
It must be your imagination.
I cannot lend this book to you.
Tom was completely exhausted.
Not only did I eat pulao, but I also ate kebabs.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
I'll go with you as far as the bridge.
I don't know if I should cry or laugh.
If you don't give it back to him, he'll be angry!
My brother and I are doing Russian homework.
I majored in philosophy at my university.
Tom says you've never been to Australia.
Nobody wants to play chess with me.
I use a credit card to pay for things more often than cash.
I had to make a decision.
I ate curry last night.
We know that.
There were only six people at the party.
I have a little time now.
Who wrote Hamlet?
Will it snow tonight?
Yumi studies English hard.
But I am able to cook well.
Tom uses Windows 7.
I know what to say.
I go to church on Sunday.
He was born in this very room.
I passed a language test.
His failure seems to have something to do with his character.
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.
What kind of fool do you think I am?
England always does well in the World Cup matches because of their strong defenders.
Kent is a born leader.
She draws on her socks.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
Huan, she is Xiaoyu, Xiaoyu and I are classmates.
It soon began to rain very hard.
Where can I take the public bus?
I owe my success to him.
"Look," she said.
Were you able to do everything you wanted to get done?
You're right.
Is there anyone who can pronounce this word?
You have only to answer the first question.
I don't like bad boys.
I'm outta here.
Ten years is a really long period of time.
The cat is drinking your milk.
Whom the gods love die young.
We reached the top of the mountain.
I know who likes Tom.
This is the passage to the sea.
Only going half way is more painful than continuing on to your goal.
You know I have no choice, don't you?
Would you like some salad?
It's all gone.
Can you put me up tonight?
Do you have a condom?
Is Tom willing to do that?
We'll be home all day tomorrow.
He fixed the watch for me.
Will the train leave on time?
How far is it to the station?
If it's raining tomorrow, we'll go there by car.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
She's busy now and can't speak to you.
Can I ask you some questions?
Check, please.
On the one hand we suffered a heavy loss, but on the other hand we learned a great deal from the experience.
The drains are blocked up.
Do not yell into my ear.
Is there anything you can't do?
I studied Chinese before.
Tom studied French.
She fooled him.
Why are you wearing that scarf?
What time do you wake up on Sundays?
Careful! Emotional dependency is not synonymous with love!
I fixed my car last month, but it broke again afterwards.
Which is more complete, the first edition or the second?
Joe Biden stole my bicycle.
The mother was quieting her crying baby.
The Japanese are an industrious people.
I was never so humiliated in my life.
Go get some water.
I can't think of life without you.
Awesome!
A white cloud is floating in the blue sky.
The bus should be coming soon.
Why does the Earth spin?
I was waiting for a taxi.
Can we stop?
Her new novel has been highly praised.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
Have you ever had food poisoning?
They only watch television on Fridays.
The problem is being discussed now.
I like singing.
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.
How do you spell your family name?
You might have heard of it.
Tom needs to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
This is very important to me.
Which translation of this book do you think is better, the French one or the English one?
Aren't you the one who saved me?
I have a friend whose father is a teacher.
I didn't know what to do.
Our football team defeated all the other teams in the city.
We are glad to have you in our class.
I did it for the first time.
Excuse me, where is the train station?
Felipe has two cars and one motorcycle.
I am sixteen years old.
You may be late for school.
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.
I work in the nighttime.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in her maps.
He's a talented young director.
Breakfast is served at seven a.m.
I did not see anything.
She doesn't have a driver's license.
I can start anytime.
The people we meet in books can delight us either because they resemble the friends we hold dear in real life, or because they are unfamiliar people that we are pleased to get to know.
She can speak Spanish.
You are free to go.
Tom seems to have a cold.
He's a con man.
Those homeless people are living hand-to-mouth.
The train had already left when we got to station.
Although I grew up in the United States, my parents are Taiwanese.
The door was locked from the inside.
I'm only going to write small sentences without commas.
My guess is that it will be fine tomorrow.
He's an old friend of mine.
Our troops were constantly attacked by the guerrillas.
Can you just please go?
There is not one person who is in agreement with the plan.
Jessie urged the little donkey forward.
I'm going to buy some things with you.
I don't know when I should be there.
Tom is miserly.
Tom is in Australia this year.
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
Good night, Timmy!
I'm an exchange student from Italy.
I'm having problems with e-mail right now.
I have three cameras.
I will not abandon you.
It's no use trying to persuade her.
The probe is equipped with a microphone.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
I will have repaired your watch by tomorrow.
I paid $200 in taxes.
We have to warn Tom.
We're going to set up shelters.
What do you think of this one?
My parents want me to come home.
Gustavo spends Saturdays exploring local markets.
Everyone knew Tom could speak French well.
Tokyo is the largest city in Japan.
I've already lived most of my life.
Can you remember the first time that we met each other?
Her golden hair floats in the summer breeze.
I don't like your friends.
Is he the manager?
A goatherd drove his goats, all white with snow, into a deserted cave for shelter.
We often played chess after school.
If you listen to foreign language songs, feel tunes nice, but do not understand the lyrics, then you can not say you like this song, can only say that like the tune.
I want to clean the house before my parents come.
I want to go to America.
Please write with a pencil.
Hawaii is a popular tourist resort.
I left the window open all through the night.
He's away at the moment.
My name is Jack.
Why are you so stubborn?
Can you give me some advice?
You look bored.
Tom is not an angel.
This horse has beautiful big eyes.
Firstly, happiness is related to money.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
Bye!
They became friends in elementary school.
Bill got mad and called Dick names.
Steve is getting on the bus.
He's studying.
She is rarely late for appointments.
She looks unhappy.
What happened then?
Many kinds of birds live in Japan.
"God is our salvation," said the priest.
I went to Disneyland yesterday.
Do you want Catalonia to become an independent state in the form of a republic?
He told the students to be quiet.
There is an apple on the desk.
You must not stay in bed.
She was ill yesterday.
Kabul is the capital of Afghanistan.
Please say ‘yes’!
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
Don't do anything stupid.
That's my younger sister's photograph.
The swallows are migrating.
A crowd of people were standing at the entrance to the theatre.
But you know, I have nothing aside from this.
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show, the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China.
Do you want us to go with you?
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
That incident made him famous.
My father is not as well as he was before.
I speak Interlingua.
He drew her to him and kissed her on the mouth.
Who needs science when you've got guns?
I like this wristwatch.
That's not Jack's fault.
Children want to act like grown-ups.
Just water, please.
I'm coming home, Tom.
He occasionally visited me.
She pretended not to hear what he said.
I'm looking for an old man.
I love jokes about animals.
Tom is out of his mind.
Children imitate their peers rather than their parents.
Are you a chemistry student?
What's your impression of that person like?
I want to go with you.
Do you really love me?
My interest quickened.
Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
She likes to read magazines.
I'm really busy.
He has an eye for antiques.
I live with my mother and father.
Is Germany dangerous?
He is a bit like his father.
He brought us sad news.
I'm going to climb Mt. Kitadake.
Can we talk in private?
He submits to authority.
Talking of Mr Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
He runs as fast as you.
Did Tom actually say that?
This river is the widest in Europe.
That's what we want to know.
His plan was discarded.
The pianist played two encores.
I go by the nickname "Itch."
Ken wants a bicycle.
The bridge is under construction.
He asked me where my uncle lived.
I lie on the grass.
We're studying English, which is an important subject nowadays.
She introduced me to her father.
You must hurry up.
Because there's pollution in the cities.
Eat up.
I'm glad I was there.
She can't write or read.
My salary was high this month.
I want to know when you're going to leave.
Shut your mouth.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.
Stop! You're tickling me!
Water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
I discovered that speaking English was pretty easy.
He wrote the report.
Not everyone can afford a car.
I have already missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
I put quantity after quality.
You are a good painter, aren't you?
There is no fire without smoke.
He comes here almost every day.
The dress is made of a thin fabric.
I didn't mean it.
Do you like music?
She helped me pack my suitcase.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
The sun comes up in the east and goes down in the west.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
By the way, have you seen him lately?
You'd better go back home now.
I want that bag.
She bought her son a camera.
Prices have reached a 13-year high.
I trust that I can see you again.
Your account is empty.
People say I look about the same age as my sister.
The tree is about as high as the roof.
Prices have been rising steadily.
Don't talk so impudently.
Could you repeat that, please?
They can think and speak.
I don't believe that she can speak Hebrew.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
I don't care for wealth and fame.
I'm not about to marry Suzie.
What is your favourite fruit?
She is a vegetarian.
I wish you'd slow down.
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
I cannot leave.
I expect you to work harder.
This bicycle is a gift for you.
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.
That's a nice tie you're wearing.
How did he make his living in such poverty?
There is a cat in the kitchen.
Mercury is the smallest of the eight planets in the Solar System.
What are you doing there?
You eat mooncakes during the Mid-Autumn Festival.
He pretended not to be listening.
Actually, it was pretty boring.
Excuse me, where's the Bank of China?
Answer the question.
Hug me.
I don't eat as much as I used to.
Has that secretarial position been filled?
The beer glass is almost bigger than you are.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
Thanks for coming over tonight.
They know nothing.
He is just that kind of person, don't mind him.
Spring has come around.
Why's Tom always so grumpy?
I lost the watch Father had given me.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll kiss you.
This is my favorite project.
What happened in the park?
I need to hit the sack.
Comments must be relevant to the topic.
Smoking is not permitted in the cinema.
We made the most of the opportunity.
We were worried.
I miss Japanese food.
When women succeed, America succeeds.
Will you show me your passport, please?
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.
Love your neighbour.
That will put you in danger.
I like apples.
Tomorrow, I start the diet.
Tom and Ken are like peas in a pod.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
I wish you had told me that.
He raised his hand in order that the taxi might stop.
Is there anybody in the house?
What kind of person is she?
I'd like a room with a good view.
There are people drowning in debt.
So, we finally meet! I've waited so long for this moment.
If it were not for the computer, how inconvenient our lives would be!
You should learn to restrain yourself.
Did you give the key to Tom?
Steve looks quite happy.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
London was very important for economical and cultural reasons.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
If there's anything urgent, you can get in touch with me.
That man knows how to get on the president's good side.
You lie down.
My father died three years ago, that is to say in 1977.
Jiro made a sketch of Mt. Fuji.
Do you know him?
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
I could disappear at any time.
Do you have school on Saturdays?
I don't want to talk about this.
Why must I wash the dishes?
I know that you're right.
This year, Edinburgh began work on its fifteen-year regeneration project to transform its waterfront and provide a new kind of living area for its growing population.
How about going out for lunch?
I'm really cold.
Hide it inside the warehouse for now.
The track meet was called off on account of the heavy rain.
We weren't making fun of you.
Give me the spoon.
Your work is below average.
Tom said that Mary wasn't injured.
I would like to exchange this watch for a cheaper one.
We think of him.
I'm a vegan.
You had better read a lot of books while you are young.
Tom has a lot to think about.
Could you come to tomorrow's meeting?
England is synonymous with football, fish & chips, and the Queen.
He is reasonable in his demands.
It's a pity that you can't join us.
If only we had a garden!
What subjects do you like best?
Have you ever done it?
Drink up. We've got to go.
They say that they won't come back.
I don't think that it will rain tomorrow.
Sorry, I don't think I can do it.
My friend studies Korean.
Do you have a house?
So that's how it is.
I had my bike repaired yesterday.
I'm not interested in sports.
How do I explain that to Tom?
It is unfortunately true.
Tom's drunk.
Shut the door!
Milk is sold by the pint.
He isn't hungry.
I know the reason, but I can't tell you.
Black people had to sit in the back of the bus, or stand if the back was full.
Do you give your consent to the operation?
Thank you.
We want further information.
He has a fair income.
Her story took me back to my childhood.
You simply cannot reason with her, which is quite annoying.
Aren't you going to call Tom?
Come home.
You'd better eat something.
Don't offend anyone!
The authorities have no clue, but everyone else knows.
Who was the letter written to?
Why were you so scared?
Follow the example of your sister.
I didn't dream in the night.
My neighbor renovated her house completely.
I'm Finnish.
My name is Tamako, and yours is?
Secret gifts are openly rewarded.
Do you have other types?
Apparently we're just two peas in a pod.
Bob lost interest in rock music.
If you don't go, I won't, either.
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
She's married to a foreigner.
Radio's been replaced by the TV.
Tom is the tallest man I know.
That is intriguing.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
Do you want to dance with me?
We waited for such a long time.
Please tell me everything's OK.
School begins at eight-thirty.
We've been tricked.
Tom is an interesting man.
At first there will be many unrecognized words and grammatical forms, but don't be scared.
Brian left the door open.
I like your shoes.
Tom nodded approval.
They didn't even know how to write their own names.
We are now in-laws, seeing as our kids got married.
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.
I think I'd better stay here.
I'm going to go.
Need we wait for her?
He's the only friend I trust.
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.
Tom tried to hug Mary.
All were present.
How many people are there in your family?
Everyone was drunk.
The boy got in through the window.
My grandfather lived a long life.
I wish all those an unhurried night who want a revision of the existing copyright laws, but actually all the others too.
This is a hospital.
Why do we have dreams?
I got up early in the morning.
Would you like to go for a walk?
Today is Earth day.
I don't want to hear about it again.
It's up to you if we go.
I paid him five dollars.
His speech has had a positive effect on all of his coworkers.
I don't have the address with me.
What was his motive for doing it?
What's the situation now?
The people were evacuated because of the flood.
The two teams fought very hard.
Tom told them not to do that.
I'm still waiting to be told what happened.
There's bamboo growing in the garden.
I'm not stupid.
This is a book about public policy.
Tom and Mary are looking for you.
I would like to pay in cash.
The islanders are asking us for help.
I drank too much yesterday.
That weekend I went skiing.
Yesterday he came back late.
I'll go and get the book tomorrow.
Pass me the salt.
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg.
Are you willing to help me?
Russia borders China.
It is dangerous to ride a motorbike without a helmet.
Tom has a fast car.
Where did you live last year?
Don't look at me like this.
It is just your imagination.
Why don't you stay a little while?
I heard a knock at the door.
She didn't give me my money back.
When did it happen?
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
For here, or to go?
Tom is eavesdropping.
I am charged with an important mission.
I ran away in a hurry.
Have you heard from Freddie?
From now on, try harder.
He was sick of eating candy.
Tom doesn't drink beer.
Dubai is a low-tax economy.
He held on firmly to the branch.
Has he arrived yet?
I struggled to get out of the subway.
No words can express her deep sorrow.
He studies in the library.
The baby can't walk, much less run.
It's good to have friends.
What sort of yogurt do you like best?
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
I ordered some new books from America.
Can you see the difference?
Helen graduated from high school last year.
People love to speak.
I was just about to call you.
Pushing customers to complete a task can be a headache.
Don't read under insufficient light, for it is bad for your eyes.
I'm glad you could come.
She is a clerk in the supermarket.
I'm accustomed to sleeping in a room without air conditioning.
We're going to stay in Boston all month.
It has nothing to do with you.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
You will soon get used to speaking in public.
Are you positive?
Tom has two children.
You're smart.
I don't know when he came back from France.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
Jim goes to school by bus.
I don't think it'll rain tomorrow.
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
Lots of people in Japan are indifferent to politics.
He is said to be rich.
The excited children couldn’t go to sleep all night long.
He is not what he used to be.
Your dog is very fat.
All humanity will suffer if a nuclear war breaks out.
Are you doing anything special?
My chest hurts a bit, so I am not going to eat.
She is drunk with happiness.
Acid rain in drinking water affects human health.
What's the title of the book?
Tom is plastered.
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
Do you remember?
"Almaty" means "The Father of Apples" in many Turkic languages.
There was enough of A, but not enough of B.
Tom didn't talk to Mary.
He kept me waiting for an hour.
I am patiently listening, but I don't feel interested.
You have to give three months' rent as a deposit.
I'm so stupid.
Shh, you're speaking too loudly.
He did not accept my apologies.
I am proud of my father.
He is but a child.
I took a picture of my family.
The world is changing every minute.
He is afraid of snakes.
Tom isn't vegan.
If Tom can't tell me, then no one can.
Tom left early this morning, so he should be in Boston by now.
They talked about love.
His plan is dangerous!
Your grades are better than mine.
I took it for granted that you were on my side.
They are having a party tomorrow.
Everything has been suspected and been inspected; thoughts have no boundaries.
This movie is worth seeing.
Nope, I'm not buying it.
Today's weather is sunny with occasional clouds.
What's the rush!?
Did you just get here?
She is sleeping.
We know him.
The girl was afraid to jump down from the roof.
I am not in the least afraid of his threats.
My strength is all gone.
May I call you tomorrow?
Fetch another chair.
I almost didn't visit Australia.
All that Jack does is sleep.
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
I got a bee sting.
Who took me here?
Tom likes sitting on the floor.
This is the house I lived in when I was young.
Today is Friday. The weekend starts already tomorrow!
Christmas drew near.
Sami is not coming back here.
Don't kiss me.
What will become of Japan?
I'll call you at seven.
I think that it'll be hot tomorrow.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
Have they gone?
Mary let me sit next to her.
Whenever I call, he is out.
What color is your dress?
Sami was the only one who could fit into the costume.
I don't know what it is.
I wanted to go there.
Speak softly.
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
This afternoon, I am planning to study English.
"Are you hetero or lesbian?" "I am hetero."
It's quite good.
This letter is addressed to you.
The girl made an awkward bow.
He lived abroad for many years.
Over the past ten years, people have become increasingly aware that they need to change their eating habits.
I have no idea why she got so angry.
He has been waiting for an hour.
My mother likes tea very much.
You can stay here until the snow stops.
Kate's father walks home from the station.
We're not young.
The results of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' survey are like this.
I have dry skin.
Can you lower the price?
This song was popular in the 1970s.
Where did Tom go this time?
I went to bed at twelve last night.
His story was pretty simple.
I have serious doubts about their plan succeeding.
That company is managed by a foreigner.
Don't worry.
Tom is going crazy.
Do you have paper?
Chemistry gave us plastics.
It is still raining a lot today, and the soil is being broken up.
It's not difficult if you study.
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
He could no longer stand the pain.
He was overcome by numbers.
Where were you when we needed you?
She enjoyed herself at the concert.
I'm nearly finished.
He is thrifty, not to say stingy.
The water level rises very quickly.
I got hurt in the shoulder.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
This system has obvious defects.
They bound the thief to a tree.
You'd better do it soon.
They were always making jokes.
Don't rush into marriage.
I didn't forget.
You can't please everybody, because not everyone is human.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it's also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba?
I understood everything Tom said.
It's already eleven. It's high time you were in bed.
I'll tell you all I know about it.
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
He's reading.
He was a millionaire a long time ago.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
I hope your brother is better.
How do you say "farm" in Russian?
A Mr. Tanaka came to see you yesterday.
I like sauerkraut.
A mile is equal to about 1,600 meters.
You have a good sense of humor.
Ken has a white dog.
We are late.
The bridge saved us a lot of time.
The stew smells delicious.
I think I'll lie down for a while.
I caught sight of a parade on my way home.
Tom's not Jewish.
He came back at five o'clock.
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
Tell me which you want.
Let me have a look at your notebook.
He drank a whole bottle of milk.
I've studied English for five years.
I sold my house and furniture, together with my jewelry, in order to scrape together a half a million.
I'm sorry about last night.
Who are my real parents?
As long as you're here, I'll stay.
They both don't like me.
Keep smiling.
Tom and Mary own a small organic farm.
Don't you love each other?
I waited so long for this.
Give her the book.
I'm going to shoot him dead.
Don't you have any feelings for me at all?
I met a friend there.
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
His words set everybody roaring with laughter.
You must tell me.
Tony broke it.
He died content with his life.
We will have learned English for five years next year.
The student became very nervous with the teacher watching him.
Beauty is only skin deep.
She pushed him out the window.
I am already able to write Chinese characters.
He is living apart from his wife.
Everyone's tired of hearing that story.
I don't have a bike.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.
That way I kill two birds with one stone.
Are you good at mathematics?
Most of the Finnish people are very friendly to Chinese people.
Who looks after the children?
He clutched her arm firmly.
I wrote this letter in French.
"Michael" is a man's name but "Michelle" is a lady's name.
Would you mind my moving your car?
I will personally visit you.
My wife's trying to sleep.
Bob seldom writes to his parents.
He lied to me.
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
I add a few finishing touches.
She plays the piano every day.
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.
That was close.
We'll leave as soon as you're ready.
What is the capital of the Netherlands?
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
I still haven't told Tom why I didn't have to do that.
The children rolled down the hill.
Tom swims.
My phone number is: 692-267-752.
This is my current address.
The road is very treacherous.
I think you're right.
Don't go beyond the speed limit.
We don't live in Australia. We're just visiting.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
I am afraid that if I take this new job, I won't succeed at it.
Which goes faster, a ship or a train?
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
Tom is waiting in the living room.
He changed schools last year.
There are many people in the park.
Don't you have a telly?
Please tell me the way to the XYZ store.
It seems to me that the train is late.
The world's evil almost always comes from ignorance.
If I knew it, I would tell you.
It's great to meet you.
Dr. Yukawa played an important part in the scientific study.
He works in a secondary school.
Those men are speaking French.
Do you have a bag?
This tree bears good peaches every year.
Don't tell her anything.
Do you know what color she likes?
Hi, my name is Tom. What is yours?
Tom decided to stay with Mary.
I'm already over thirty.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
I intend to devote a few hours a day to the study of English.
He could not get through his work, though the examination was near.
Today my bag is very light.
John motioned furiously.
She dresses so outrageously; it looks completely ridiculous!
Nothing can be explained.
As you wish.
Let me tell you something.
Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
The cat is sleeping on the chair.
There is nothing which exacts a higher price than revenge, yet is so futile.
The plane flew above the clouds.
I want you to understand why you have to do this.
Look up the words in your dictionary.
Who are the two women over there?
He achieved his aim at last.
I like freedom.
In a word, life is short.
What's the next station?
Nobody can predict the future.
What are you called?
Is it you?
Cuff him.
Let's divide this money between you and me.
Bob must have had an accident.
I'm often here.
They failed in the examination.
All the students clapped their hands.
An angle of 90 degrees is called a right angle.
What a bizarre tale!
The capital of France is Paris.
Would you prefer milk or coffee?
Excuse me, I'm not feeling very well.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.
I'm going back to Malaysia next week.
He is three years younger than dad.
My son is playing in the rain.
Are you ready for the bad news?
The only thing that socialists understand about money is that they want to take it from others.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
Where were you in August last year?
Why were you late?
I actually don't have an obligation to help you.
Hey! There's an American who speaks Uyghur here! Hurry up and get over here to inspect his computer!
People will have different ideas tomorrow.
I leave it in your hands what course of action to take.
Do you want to be rich?
I've got a good idea.
I hope everything will be fine in the end.
I want you to know that I tried to stop Tom.
OK, you're free to go home.
It's eight o'clock in the morning.
The family is watching a movie together.
I have been busy since yesterday.
He applied for the scholarship.
Do you know how to play mahjong?
We've only got one chance.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
You are doing it the wrong way.
You should do your homework now.
She is qualified as a nurse.
It wasn't my fault.
The trouble is that we have no money.
Are you a philatelist?
I assumed she was his girlfriend.
He keeps his room clean.
It's the thought that counts.
Does your sister study there?
He tried to speak French to us.
Tom's eyesight is deteriorating.
I feel like somehow I've stopped thinking of translation as something enjoyable.
Please wake me up at 7.
Tom is looking for a good job.
I don't want everyone to think I'm stupid.
I'm sorry, I don't speak Portuguese.
Management of a company is different from ownership of a company.
I do not want to leave this job.
I will go to America tomorrow.
Are you going to Madrid this Sunday?
Even if she doesn't like you, you still have to finish the work.
My mother is a lawyer.
I don't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
You look very nice.
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.
You said nothing.
Tom bought socks.
Mary knew where she'd put her keys.
Heat up some water.
I haven't forgotten.
And I thought you could smoke here.
The photos are taken by a pro, so they'll turn out well.
We're throwing a party Friday evening at our place.
I am too tired to walk any more.
The news confirmed my suspicions.
Don't beat about the bush.
Shit! You scared me half to death!
Tom is on the baseball team.
People who will lie for you, will lie to you.
I don't want you.
This jacket is a tight fit.
Tom didn't have any family.
Why do you love me?
I'm so busy running about year in, year out. My life has no consistency.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it on your own.
Time is the world's most valuable thing.
What did she whisper to you?
Let them have their fun.
Let's hope she comes.
This piano has probably not been tuned for years.
I got an invitation to a party tonight that I know would be a lot of fun but I have to be in my best form for tomorrow's meeting so I had to turn it down.
I dived into the river.
Tom is a bus driver.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after all these years.
Tom got on his bike.
This person is not my friend.
He wasn't able to open the box.
Malaria is carried by mosquitoes.
A new difficulty has arisen.
When I opened the box, it was empty.
If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.
Tom has a high threshold for pain.
Some people never grow up.
What is your favourite colour?
Have you found your ticket yet?
He is reaping the fruits of his labor.
He's very tall.
No one will know.
How long does it take to get to the train station?
I cannot agree with you.
We need to turn right at the next junction.
This stone is too heavy to lift.
She just bought two entertainment magazines.
You read the paper?
Give my love to your kids.
I want some money.
Friendship and happiness can't be separated.
I am fortunate compared with him.
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
They look familiar.
I returned the books I borrowed from the library, and I borrowed some new ones.
You'd better send for a doctor.
I only have a few pens.
I'm always hungry.
He has visited France three times.
I'll be able to assist you.
Tom isn't smiling.
I broke the lock opening the door.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
I'll eat two grapes and leave the rest for you.
Your pronunciation is more or less correct.
Read such books as will be useful in later life.
I was walking along the crowded street when all at once I heard a shrill cry.
I'm thirty years old now.
Oil and water don't mix.
That place's food is delicious and their prices are low. However, their location isn't good.
I haven't seen anything.
I can't stay.
He wants to come with us.
I would like you to sing a song.
Next time I'll come earlier.
Their cattle are all fat.
What should I do if my husband is impotent?
He was leaning against the wall.
I was very, very lucky.
You'll get a lot of presents on your birthday.
We were caught in a storm.
There are millions of people all over the world who are watching the World Cup right now.
Life is like licking honey off a cactus.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself.
I am proud to be a part of this project.
Our teacher likes his new car.
We are now at Tokyo station.
I always think of him when I'm alone.
Mr Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
My email has changed.
Where are you heading?
Mary named the baby Tom.
I didn't go with her.
Pass me the salt, will you?
Tom's coach likes him.
Have you got this number memorized?
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way.
Is it really worth it?
Cars took the place of bicycles.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
I didn't understand the joke.
I don't like going to school.
That dress looks good on you.
We have our own problems to solve.
Squirrels are very good climbers.
I'm not quite myself today.
Could you ask her to call me?
I have high hopes for her.
I'm just saying!
The child of the lady next door is already seven years old.
In America, cars drive on the right side of the road.
I like horses.
I'm going to the cinema.
It'd be better if you didn't associate with men like that.
Who said that? It's totally wrong!
Walk on the pavement.
There's something strange about Tom today.
Would you please turn off the TV?
Mary is always at home, isn't she?
Tom doesn't know any French.
Please wait a little while.
Do you live in Sasayama?
She didn't know what to do.
I intend to study abroad next year.
I'm holding a book.
I like playing tennis and golf.
Why did he live in America?
That tradition has fallen into desuetude.
There was hardly anyone in the room.
I was busy packing, because I was leaving for France in two days.
I always keep a dictionary close at hand.
Welcome to Japan.
She likes to cook for her family.
Do you like movies?
I can do it alone.
This is an example of confusing two things that have a common cause with one thing that causes another.
I can understand you.
We were all amused with the comedy.
I need you to help me find Tom.
I'll always love you, no matter what happens.
He often plays the guitar.
He was present at the meeting.
You make life worth living.
Who's dying?
Tom has decided to become a vegan.
Tom should do as Mary suggests.
He's rich, but he's not happy.
When did you begin learning German?
Here is a letter for you.
Is this your pen?
Tom needs to get into shape.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn't be surprising that it's slow.
Tom hurt himself.
This guy looks like a fox.
He's my friend.
Both my parents are musicians.
There are four people in my family.
Masaru claims that he is innocent.
I don't want to go away.
It is two miles from here to the park.
My dad gives me a weekly allowance that I use to buy comics and ice cream.
Many scientists live in this small village.
You're old enough to know better.
My band name's Red Hot.
Please fill out this form.
The hungry baby did nothing but cry.
The programming language Java is highly versatile.
Are you feeling better now?
I want to go to Britain.
English is spoken in many countries.
There's an old movie theater in town.
He asked after you.
Can I stay here with you?
Are you looking for work?
Since he was able to walk so far, he must have strong legs.
Tom is really clever.
Enjoy your holidays.
I'd like three of these.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
We must conform to the rules.
Mary isn't really sick. She's just faking it.
We got rid of the mice in their house.
He went to stay with his cousin.
Do you sell alarm clocks?
She is two years younger than I.
Maybe it's the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
My wooden bed is actually quite heavy.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
Is the museum of art around here?
You can go there in a boat.
Warm up some water.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
She took care of her sick child all night.
Can he drive?
My parents want to meet you.
What is the purpose of your visit?
Stay with us.
I got a good night's sleep.
Tomorrow will be a sunny day, and very hot.
Mademoiselle, would you like a platinum necklace to accompany your ring?
That young man is our teacher.
My little toe hurts.
We are staying at home because it's raining.
They worked together to put out the fire.
He was sick yesterday, so he didn't come to school.
Do you have any Japanese beer?
Are there many trees in the park?
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.
I knew Tom was a bad student. I just didn't know how bad.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
Tom is probably pretty rich by now.
Tom is right this time.
Please bring me some medicine for airsickness.
Why did you pick that song?
Tom comes here three or four times a month.
It wasn't interesting at all.
Yes, this is my house.
This is expensive.
Is there someone that can drive?
Mike can't play baseball well.
It's only a fifteen minute bus ride from here to the airport.
I remember hearing that music somewhere.
He works every day except Sunday.
Testing has been delayed by two days. As a consequence, we need to reschedule the release date.
I'm pretty hungry. When can we go have lunch?
He was afraid of being laughed at.
He likes to hunt.
The mountain has a beautiful shape.
I would like to go to America.
No kidding?
There's a lot left to be done.
Each age has deemed the new-born year the fittest time for festal cheer.
When do I get started?
The first thing I did when I got home was take my shoes off.
There's a secret path on the left.
A lot of people climb the railing, and even litter.
Are both Tom and Mary Canadians?
He received quite a few letters this morning.
There won't be a next time.
You look worn out.
Let in some fresh air.
Both dad and mom are at home.
I come here every Fourth of July.
Maybe he won't become famous.
You'd better not go.
The factory waste gave rise to serious environmental pollution.
If I were rich, I would help you.
Does your dog bite?
I spent Saturday afternoon watching entirely too much TV.
Tom said he hasn't decided what needs to be done.
Why does Tom need three bicycles?
She is used to staying up late.
Let me work in peace.
It suddenly started raining.
She is much younger than Tom.
Tom hasn't studied French before.
This is a comfortable chair.
Where did you meet?
What is the harm in trying?
We are at school together.
How frequently do you check your mail?
Sami asked Layla where she lived.
I want to learn standard English.
What's the biggest difference?
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka.
He's the same age as me.
According to the radio, it will snow tomorrow.
I'm smarter than you are.
A large amount of money was spent on the bridge.
I beg your pardon; I didn't quite catch your name.
Would you carry my luggage upstairs?
It is unfair.
I didn't understand anything you just said.
Don't put your things in the passage.
I will give you a bicycle for your birthday.
The snail retreated into its shell.
Don't you ever give up?
How many siblings do you have?
I am very interested in these stories.
Do you want to stay any longer?
I can't lift a suitcase heavier than 30 kilos.
I don't know at all why he quit his job suddenly.
Not everyone is honest.
I am pleased at your success.
The house is haunted.
She banged the table with her fist.
I do not speak Japanese.
Kobe is the city which I was born in.
After the revolution, France became a republic.
You'd better not tell him.
I see little of my father these days.
We are eating apples.
I'm still waiting for Tom to get here.
Such poets as Toson and Hakushu are rare.
That cup is mine.
Where does it leave from?
There isn't much traffic on this road.
There is no life without electricity and water.
It is rude to stare at someone.
Today, I am feeling a lot better.
What's your favourite yoghurt?
You should see a doctor.
I am off today.
I take back everything I said.
He disappeared without a trace.
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen.
I am from Egypt.
This is true love.
You have cute eyes.
You'd better check this out.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
There's nothing here.
I'd like to travel around the world.
My most interesting friend is Jessie.
He thinks he's stronger than I am.
Does the bus stop here?
Don't put it on my desk.
Germany adopted a social security system in the 1880's.
I never drink tea with lemon.
Your project needs a large amount of money.
Let's try to get along.
The dog's hair bristled up with anger.
You have only to touch the button.
I'd like to exchange this shirt I bought yesterday.
JST stands for Japan Standard Time.
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.
He's a teacher.
He lives near here.
Somebody has stolen my hair dryer.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
She always boasts of being a good swimmer.
My whole family's from Boston.
To distinguish right from wrong is difficult.
I forgot to tell my mother that I won't be eating dinner with her.
The truth is the truth, even if you defy it and intentionally cover it up, it is still no different from daydreaming.
Tom's explanation was too complex.
It's not something that I'm very good at.
Could you bring another bottle of water?
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
I was in an IAA meeting.
What I have in my hand is a fossil seashell.
We're having lunch.
I stayed home all day instead of going to work.
I cannot swim at all.
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.
Tom said that he doesn't want to retire.
When an Uyghur met a Belarusian, what language did the two speak to each other?
Everyone except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
I wish someone would help me with English composition.
Was this letter written by Ken?
The repair for the system malfunction lasted for an entire night.
Is there a zoo in Boston?
Tom asked Mary where her mother was.
I have ten pens more than you do.
How did you get to know each other?
We named our dog White.
I have to take medicine.
My eyes are blue.
In towns, speed is limited to 50 km/h.
Helen got off at the next stop.
I looked on him as the boss.
He has no mobile.
She is hard up for money.
There is not much traffic on this road.
It takes me ten minutes to walk to school.
That belongs to my brother.
No, thank you. I'm so full.
Tom said that he was really jealous.
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
Are Russian and Ukrainian similar?
A man who asks his wife's permission before taking any action except breathing is a henpecked husband.
Tom likes to listen to music while he's doing his homework.
You should go too!
If only the rain would stop!
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Why do you want to kill me?
Tom was at school all day.
The family is too poor to pay back the debts.
She loves to fish.
They grow flowers in the garden.
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
I have an older brother.
Tell him where he should go.
The board is about two meters long.
Nancy ran across an old friend of hers yesterday.
Aoi's hobby is dancing.
You should have come earlier.
Victory and defeat aren't solely decided by the size of your army.
Do you follow?
He thought that it was like a bird cage.
No, I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife.
I've never seen a fat vegan.
The staff in this shop are really friendly. It's no wonder they've got so much custom.
Does the mid-autumn festival fall on Monday this year?
Will you buy something?
Give a hug to your parents before you get far away from your hometown.
We're friends from way back.
Why is the summer holiday not here already!
If one day you leave, I will be very sad.
The nurses are very nice.
Open the box.
Tom and I sat on a bench in the park and talked while we fed pigeons.
How much is this clock?
The rescue workers are going to hand out supplies to the victims of the earthquake.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
Ken has never been to New York.
Wrong!
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
Burn that bridge when one comes to it.
Never rub your eyes when your hands are dirty.
I grew up in Boston.
Is the canteen open yet?
He will survive.
Where are you going first of all?
Please consider that the maximum doesn't exist in some circumstances.
Venus' air pressure is very high.
I caught a beautiful butterfly.
My younger brother really likes to take photos of mountains.
Japanese people are generally very reserved.
What does everybody else think?
Some people don't know that.
You and Tom must be happy.
Shanghai has everything under the sun when it comes to food.
Even now, I occasionally think I'd like to see you. Not the you that you are today, but the you I remember from the past.
I was sure I had never seen her before.
I'm not serious.
I require an apple.
Everyone was more or less interested in the arts.
My uncle made me serve as interpreter.
Tom is my boy.
Tom and Mary did all they could to help John do that.
Tom is a pediatrician.
She doesn't like the colour of this dress.
I met him at the station.
Mother-in-law and daughter-in-law are a tempest and hailstorm.
Send me a letter when you arrive.
He is able to speak five languages.
I'm afraid I must say goodbye.
Excuse me?
You need a vacation.
Yep.
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
I don't feel very well. I should go home.
I was overtaken by one car.
The parents value their children's education.
If you spoke less and listened more, you'd definitely be able to learn something.
That's crazy.
I'm willing to help him.
The battery has run out of power.
Could you help us after school?
The cost of living in the United States was rising.
I don't want anything to drink.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
I'm not a good swimmer.
My father took me to a movie last night.
People can easily tell the difference between them.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't finished doing that.
I didn't enjoy it very much.
Back in high school, I got up at 6 a.m. every morning.
I am not very satisfied with today's performance.
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
I remember the way you used to dance.
The majority of people are quite indifferent.
I read a book last night.
My grandfather comes from Osaka.
Why would they need to do that?
Sami didn't see Layla that way.
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.
There are still two stops left.
The blackbirds' feathers are black.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a very good memory.
They defended their country against the invaders.
I like the way you smile.
Did you hear that? That was Mary. She slams the door like that when she's angry.
Don't mix up the Americas with the United States of America, or citizens of the Americas with citizens of the United States.
I've got to go to bed. Good night.
Antares is a red star.
Tom is thrilled.
Go and see!
I have to go to sleep.
He came to my office yesterday.
A democrat is a free citizen who yields to the will of the majority.
Rosa Montero is an extraordinary woman.
Kyoto is Japan's former capital.
I don't have friends to play with.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
I never saw so big a whale.
The scars of your love remind me of us.
Is the mid-autumn festival on Monday this year?
The petals are floating on the water.
She's the kind of person who likes to turn everything into a competition.
We ran down the hill.
I'll call you later.
This is life!
I like shopping with Tom.
Is his German good?
You're welcome!
Welcome.
We found the footprints in the sand.
It's not your mother tongue, so your pronunciation will never be accurate.
It is not the means which matters, it is the end.
Be careful on your way back home.
It's been two months since he went to France.
Tom is claustrophobic.
I don't need anything.
This is the house where I live.
It occurred to me that I had left my purse at home.
Sometimes I see him at the club.
His opinion squares with ours.
Paper was invented by the Chinese.
Hmm. I have a feeling I'm going to get lost whichever road I take.
Native Chinese people are working alongside foreigners to change the culture of Shanghai.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
Everything Tom predicted came true.
As the train pulled out, they waved goodbye to their parents.
London, the capital of England, is on the Thames.
She stayed by his side through thick and thin.
I'll let you decide.
This button is loose.
Tom isn't here.
You have no right to interfere in other people's affairs.
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.
There are more than 150 nations in the world.
I'm dying of cold.
When I was taking a bath, the telephone rang.
If she didn't see you then there’s nothing to worry about.
You're too drunk to drive.
I'm accustomed to getting up early.
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.
This isn't my car, that's my car.
It's just there on the sofa.
Maybe Tom just got nervous.
You're already in Kyoto?
Our child likes dogs, but I prefer cats.
You may use this car.
Athletic boys are popular with girls in American schools.
She is very afraid of the dark.
I'm going to take them home.
The climate here is very similar to that of England.
I want something sweet.
I am going to fry an egg in a pan.
I'm studying very hard.
Do you speak Chinese well?
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
The total comes to 3,000 yen.
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
Light the candle.
What kind of a person is Tom?
You must always keep your hands clean.
This is your dog.
If someone in the class has a birthday, the teacher always draws a flag on the blackboard.
She finds it a little distasteful.
No man is so old he cannot learn.
I hate the taste of ginger.
You are very brave.
Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
Tom and I are about the same height.
There is a certain amount of truth in what he's saying.
How long is the Rainbow Bridge?
Be diligent, don't worry.
Change trains at the next station.
That was pretty neat.
Your English has improved a lot.
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.
Tom is at least one head taller than I am.
My name is Robert Johnson.
I saw him cross the road.
Then the street was very quiet.
Why did she go to the station?
The ecological footprint of a country is closely related to its level of economic development.
The doctor may have said so.
Call security!
This old house is haunted.
Keep on working.
She's highly influenced by current trends.
That had not occurred to him before.
She's nice to me.
We're studying English, which is an important subject these days.
They always fight over little things.
Tokyo is the capital of Japan.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a swimming pool.
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
All my friends will be there.
This plane takes off every day at 8 a.m.
"What you said is wrong." "Then what should I say?"
Your bedroom doesn't have even a single person in it.
Put on your good shoes.
Without air there can be no wind or sound on the moon.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
Do not put your books on the table.
Oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
Do you know the reason why the sky looks blue?
Are you allergic to anything?
Tom has very neat handwriting.
He went to Italy in order to study music.
Susan polished her father's shoes.
Ten teams competed for the prize.
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.
Who made this pie?
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
I like Tom's attitude.
I do not trust him any longer.
Is the bath clean?
A sprained ankle disabled him from walking for a month.
He's always been kind to me.
Aren't you coming to pick me up tomorrow morning?
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
Tom doesn't live near his office.
I have two cats: one is white and the other is black.
I should have asked Tom to help.
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
Six people applied for the job, but none of them were employed.
Praise the Lord!
It's been an amazing experience.
I have an opinion.
This is a very promising industry.
What is the date today?
The employment policy is a failure.
Is this a library?
You must reboot your computer.
You know where the problem is.
College is the time to enjoy yourself to the fullest!
The manager and coach stood on the touchline shouting out instructions to their team.
She is known as the Japanese Picasso.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favour of it or not.
I don't like to go out when it's dark.
I like Germany.
I'm not very good at swimming.
I bought a pair of shoes.
Let's go!
He loves trains.
I don't want to work under these conditions.
She cried all night.
There is a cottage beyond the bridge.
Spring arrived.
Are you two ready?
He will be a doctor when he grows up.
Did something happen today?
I heard it.
Tom was wrong.
He almost never gets angry.
Eating lunch with you would make me happy.
Everyone seems tense.
Is it still possible?
You have already eaten the cake.
They work for me.
Tom was always different from the other kids.
Better get preparing! Tomorrow will be the last day.
This is the shortcut that I usually take to school.
You're the kind of person I'd like to marry.
I am a boy.
Rome has a lot of ancient buildings.
He kissed her, with his eyes closed.
I have no doubts.
Paul telephoned just now.
The police have been searching for the stolen goods for almost a month.
Learning French isn't difficult.
Do you want rice?
Won't you have some coffee?
What is better than friendship?
He predicted there would be rain.
The reporter rented an expensive room.
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.
I'm already full, thank you.
Honesty is the primary reason for his success.
He's afraid of flying.
I like her black clothes.
Are you proud of your work?
You did this intentionally!
I've been looking for my tripod.
Wait here.
Sometimes adults behave like children.
He has a large farm in Colorado.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
She is the most boring girl I ever knew.
I like hares.
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
She should be there at noon.
I decided to try doing that myself.
It's only a matter of time.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
Keeping a diary is a good habit.
Every rule has exceptions.
This film is really boring - the best bit is when it finishes.
Tom wondered why Mary was crying.
Please get me a scrap of paper.
She woke up.
The device is portable.
I feel sick.
I must take my oboe for repair.
He took poison by mistake.
"What is she saying?" "You don't even know 'norito'?" "Norito?" "It's something like a Shinto spell."
I told Tom that I thought it was a good idea.
He neglected his duties.
I'm afraid that I differ with you on this point.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
No, it isn't possible.
I want to see what there is inside.
My time is expensive because time is the most precious thing we have. But for learning languages, I always have the time. Because with each new word we learn, our world becomes a tad more interesting.
It's good to do it yourself.
A person has morals like water is clear.
Washington, D.C., is the capital of the United States of America.
Is it obligatory to rent a car?
The weather promises to clear up.
You can tell us.
What time does the movie start?
The baby is sleeping.
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
May I finish it?
You had better not wake me up when you come in.
They're probably tired.
I hope that you are very well.
No matter what happens, I'm not changing my mind.
She dreamt a happy dream last night.
I have two conditions.
Tom has never been willing to help us before.
Tom, don't die.
I hope to be able to finish my book tonight.
The plane flew east.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of the earthquake.
Tom is at the shopping center with Mary.
What're you thinking?
This is a very hard mattress.
Do you happen to know Professor Brown?
He has an innate love of adventure.
I don't like to mix business with pleasure.
Is there anything else you want to know?
Tom may have been injured.
I bet you'd never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
He became irritated.
If you work hard, you'll pass your exam.
This is the town I told you about.
I have already finished reading this book.
He likes to watch tennis on television.
Their ordeal is over.
Don't tell anybody about the matter.
Love your neighbors.
Will you go to the party tonight?
We will never be able to return to the way things were in the past.
Tell me when to start.
I often go swimming in the river.
Help yourself to whatever you like.
There is one, but it's a little far.
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
I like jogging.
I don't want to learn your language.
Tom gave me something to read.
His eyes were brimming over with tears.
Just as he was speaking, a fire broke out.
We're going to hire the most famous makeup artist for our cast's makeup.
He always comes to show his appreciation during the New Year and holidays.
I'm not going to do anything to you.
People used to laugh at us.
I ate apples.
He couldn't control his anger.
Now I remember.
He's taller than me.
I watched a ring of smoke that floated from his cigar into the air.
The police broke up the fight.
I saw him looking at me.
I need time and space.
I do not sleep well.
Can we drive to Madrid?
That's just the way it is.
I have a high fever.
Those men are Canadians.
When he came to he found himself lying in a small, windowless cell.
Shame on you.
That meat is chicken.
Don't come in my room.
I ate breakfast on my balcony.
The way you describe it makes me drool.
Dad bought a camera.
Are you the owner of this house?
Sami will do much better next time.
Is it raining right now?
They're too noisy; I can't concentrate.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
Is there a souvenir shop in the hotel?
The apples are sold by the dozen.
It was a warm day.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Yari?
The elephant is big.
Tom didn't want to talk to anyone.
I have no particular reason to do so.
You know I'm right.
I'd like to open a savings account.
There's a letter for you.
I can't stand his arrogance.
How could it be Tom's fault?
Everyone has something that's troubling him.
I can't answer your question.
Could you turn down the radio?
Don't go out after dark.
That woman is much older than I am.
Poor cat! She can't catch the nimble mouse.
Tom arrived here before sunrise.
I am telling you the truth.
How dare you laugh at me!
I don't know what to do with that guy. No matter how mad I get at him he just takes it in stride and pays no attention.
They're required to work eight hours every day.
Encourage others.
Don't click on that link.
If she had married you, she would be happy now.
Why do that now?
My brother likes to collect stamps.
Mike and his sister speak French, but not Japanese.
She is dead.
I heard you have a beautiful voice.
If you are me, how can you do it?
Developing his ability of speaking English, it seems, is his purpose of studying abroad.
Quickly!
He's asleep.
I sometimes play tennis with her.
He is a dentist.
Ladies before gentlemen.
That makes no difference.
All of the dogs were alive.
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them.
Honesty is not always the best policy.
Tom begged me to let him go home early.
I'm sure you will succeed.
Today, the weather is very nice.
Where were you yesterday afternoon?
If you had a million dollars, what would you do?
His hobby is painting pictures of flowers.
So late!
For how long will I continue to have these symptoms?
I found the new magazine very interesting.
What's Scotland like in summer?
I want Tom to let Mary finish.
This is a Chinese restaurant.
We've got plenty of time.
I hope next time you'll be more careful.
I tried not to cry.
Dad said he'd be promoted to section manager next year.
Father bought a book for me.
Don't talk in the reading room.
You were late for work.
He writes the Chinese characters very well.
It isn't likely that she will come.
I got lost when I visited you for the first time.
Now, wait a second.
This program has become stereotyped.
We know what we're doing.
He was angry with his son.
He is really looking forward to it.
She is not as punctual as her little sister.
I'd like two kilos of apples.
Don't act like you know me.
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married.
Tom put his money in the safe.
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
I have a stomach ache.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
Thank you very much for your participation!
Have you cleaned your room yet?
I'd like mapo tofu, and two bowls of rice.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
Where is the nearest subway station?
Tom was hit by a truck and died instantly.
What else have you figured out?
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
This question is very simple.
Grab a hold of the rope.
I still want to get a lot.
One must have conviction in law, or its existence will be superficial only.
Will you lend me your dictionary?
He was standing at the door.
Sometimes you get lucky.
I helped my brother move his desk.
According to my experience, it takes one year to master French grammar.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
She loves chocolate, too.
Keep walking straight ahead.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
I still need to use these things, so please don't take them away.
You bought a brand-new car?
I have already finished dinner.
I hope you practiced your flute solo!
I write everything down; I feel uneasy without my notebook.
He's afraid of dogs.
Do you want to hear what I think?
This bus will take you to the airport.
I would like to have a word with you.
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill.
You'd better stay here a little longer.
There's a lot of snow in the winter.
I was learning.
He is unsociable.
He placed the book on the shelf.
These are called shoes.
This man has a horse.
I'm tired of homework.
He lied to her.
Don't do two things at once.
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time.
There is close relationship between supply and demand.
Are you home tomorrow afternoon?
What kind of songs does Tom sing at karaoke?
Happy birthday!
The cat is watching the fish.
There's something that I want to tell you.
This film is very interesting.
This point deserves special emphasis.
He likes to eat raw carrots.
Tom likes it hot.
He forced her to sit down.
What is it that you want?
I can hardly walk.
It's just five in the morning, but nevertheless it is light out.
Don't be cruel to animals.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
If I could understand it, I would tell you so.
This book will be of great use to you.
Thank you all the same.
I have so many clothes I don't know what to wear tomorrow.
I only just got home.
Wherever you go, I will go too.
Bring tea immediately!
Tom often goes cross-country skiing.
I'll drive you to the airport.
We haven't yet been told what we need to do.
You have to give Tom more time.
Was it in May that I was born?
Are these all your belongings?
I no longer love Tom.
Everyone in the world starts off with goals set out and a clear purpose. But once these are jumbled up by the torrents of life, everything descends into chaos.
Red, as opposed to green, is a sign of danger.
Have pity on me!
English is not difficult to learn.
He is acquainted with my wife.
We had to live together.
Don't make trouble.
Get a grip on yourself!
My cat doesn't speak Spanish.
You have a point there.
I've run out of money.
What is he hiding?
He came to pick me up.
There's food enough for us.
Tom has a reservation.
Fear comes from the unknown.
I'd like to speak to John Warner.
Mary is back again, isn't she?
As soon as she read the letter, she began to cry.
Wolves scare me.
He is from France.
If you're hungry, why don't you eat?
We need to take the next right.
We have to fix the date for our trip quickly.
I heard him go out.
When Tom found out about that, he was furious.
Why is snow white?
How many apples do you want me to buy?
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.
Have you finished your English homework yet?
You will know Esperanto very soon.
I smell smoke in the elevator.
His death was broadcast all over the world.
She’s a foreigner, but speaks Chinese excellently.
Six multiplied by three is eighteen.
These cars are made in Japan.
I was nervous, too.
It'll cost at least five dollars.
Loving to work is the key to happiness.
It's not good for anybody.
She's pregnant.
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
Shall we start the meeting now?
Anything you say may be held against you in a court of law.
She hid behind the door and held her breath.
The car crashed into the truck.
Don't be so childish.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
A true German can't stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
Is this not so?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
I am very sensitive to heat.
They didn't listen.
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
He returned at six.
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.
Isn't this what Tom asked for?
I have lost my pen.
Can't you stay a little longer?
If you work day and night, you will lose your health.
You will understand it as time passes.
They went along the street singing the song.
She asked about my school.
These patients have trouble walking.
Just as food feeds the body, so reading feeds the mind.
She will do her best to be here on time.
Write your surname on the fourth line.
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
He is able to play the guitar.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
I'm drinking orange juice.
I was bored with his old jokes.
Are you going to sing an English song for us?
He responded kindly to the question.
I can come tomorrow.
I wish I had a friend like you.
It's so boring.
I can't remember the meaning of the word that I looked up yesterday.
Do you think you could lend me some of your records?
Are you able to read this book?
That was an evil bunny.
Parents are responsible for the safety of their children.
I live in the middle of nowhere.
This television is very heavy.
What methods of contraception are you using?
She was kind to everybody.
It looks as if it is going to rain.
Do you have any brothers?
We are speaking about the same thing, just in different words.
What happened to your friend's daughter?
Oh, hush!
Money rules the world.
Tom is more handsome than you are.
Will you lend your dictionary to me?
Where has Dad gone?
These guys are all part of the 'Can't be without their phones' group.
The book is here.
It's possible that Tom lied to you.
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework.
Please tell her to call me back.
She was busy with her knitting.
Why don't you guys head on home?
What does this word mean?
She spent the weekend by herself.
I major in economics.
Her acting is on the level of a professional.
What's your home phone number?
Tom could face life in prison.
Are you working tomorrow?
He is speaking quickly.
Berlin is a German city.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
Please come back home as soon as you can.
How about tomorrow?
He had no friends, no money, no home...but he played happily all the same.
Whose book is that?
The Alps extend across eight European countries.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
Did you tell on Tom?
How can one live without pork?
Which TV show do you like the most?
I don't think he will come.
Prices have gone up these three months.
I've returned.
I love fictional languages.
What are the chances that we'll have a white Christmas?
That's another matter.
If she should come late, give her this message.
That red sweater looks good on you.
Everyone likes big pizzas.
He made no progress in his speaking ability.
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations.
I don't know what the time is.
There is no TV in my room.
Do dogs dream?
What's the matter with you?
You'd better not smoke while on duty.
Mary had breakfast.
Can you solve this problem?
When he arrived at the train station he called a taxi.
Tom advised me not to buy a secondhand car.
I sell flowers.
Tom could've dealt with the problem in a better way.
Mary will be waiting for Tom to call her.
I can comfort her.
I made up my mind to go there.
Tell me when to stop.
Open the door a bit!
Tom advised him not to buy the secondhand car.
This diamond is not real.
When will I get to Tokyo?
A wise man would not say such a thing.
I want you to get off my back.
I have two red fish.
Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
I returned to Japan.
Did you bring your family with you?
He holds an important position in the company.
This month was kind of difficult.
Turtles lay eggs.
Where's the sword?
Do you agree with their ideas?
My ear was bleeding this morning.
I don't remember your name.
Do you think you can live on a dollar a day in America?
You look very pale. Are you OK?
It starts at half past six.
Now that we are at nearly the same level, we can start learning some piano duets.
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
I am you.
Tom is divorced and has a daughter.
They all envied my new car.
I have a bad headache.
Judy decided to wear her new bikini.
I slept just two hours.
I turned grey.
I'm watching TV now.
Tokyo, which is the largest city in Japan, is awake 24 hours.
Listen carefully.
Probably.
Do what you think is right.
What a sucker!
It must be done more carefully.
This lake is deepest at this point.
This is my father's.
Tom thinks that he's related to me.
That student's studying sociology.
A pair of red chopsticks broke.
The parrot is dead.
Whether you like it or not doesn't matter.
I like eating melons from Kumul.
What are you planning to do?
Whether you agree or not, I'm going to do it.
I'd rather not sleep and finish reading this book.
I can't find my keys anywhere.
Esperanto is a waste of time.
What do you think he did?
One-third of the six members were women.
Nowadays nobody believes in ghosts.
His alcoholic neighbor lent him some money.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
I'm confident that you'll succeed.
Are you having problems?
Tom sold Mary his car.
Tom will be sentenced next Monday.
There isn't a grain of truth in what he says.
You died.
An ostrich does not fly through the air.
Tom is an excellent cook, isn't he?
We can begin.
They boil water for tea.
He doesn't look very happy.
What is your sister's dog called?
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
He insulted her.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
She looks like she's hungry.
Everyone is waiting for you.
Take the express train from platform 9.
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
Give me the headphones.
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.
Mary and I plan to have two children.
If you have other problems, please send them to me through the form.
Tom isn't stupid.
Stay here with Tom.
En, Does he have any children?
Is this typewriter yours?
How dare he complain?
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen. They're almost unnaturally blue.
They drive on the left in England.
It exploded with a loud noise.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
He told us a lie.
I love my parents.
We met her by accident.
He looks every inch a gentleman.
Children love Halloween.
I believe Tom is innocent.
Though I may be in the jaws of death, I am as a firm as a rock.
I was born on March 22, 1962.
Algebra is my favorite subject.
The machine takes a lot of room.
I'm going to Europe next week.
My boss made me work last Sunday.
They asked me to forgive them.
I recognized him instantly.
"Why are you crying? Did I say something I shouldn't have?" "No, it's just that a drop of sweat got into my eye."
She has been absent from school for five days.
Tom is not a very good driver.
This is a beautiful flower.
I am four months younger than you.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
The rapid growth in imports amazes us.
He drives very fast.
I give you a book.
It's about time for dinner.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
I'd rather go swimming.
Tom's office is on the third floor.
His untidy room announced that he had abruptly departed.
I'm looking for you.
Tom is eating lunch.
I have my supper at a quarter past seven.
I don't know what to open it with.
Tom can't walk.
Tom says you can fix anything.
I feel bad enough already.
I don't care for smoking; it's bad for the health.
We don't expect Tom to live much longer.
I like to eat apples.
The exhibition is already open.
I must have my work finished by tomorrow.
I love speaking Spanish.
Ask Tom if you have any doubt.
At the age of six he had learned to use the typewriter and told the teacher that he did not need to learn to write by hand.
Tom is naked from the waist up.
The child cried.
She wants to work in a hospital.
He is my type!
I bought a good camera.
This is my history notebook.
Lift your right arm.
Have you called her yet?
Did he propose to you?
I am still waiting for him since that day.
Mistakes and lying can be worked through, but I cannot stand a complete lack of humour.
I want to become a singer.
I'll drive you home.
Don't forget to post the letter.
No, I didn't write it.
It was two months ago that I arrived in Tokyo.
Our teacher said: "Of course you can."
He is making use of the collective's name for his own profit.
We must do something.
The meeting's about to start. Let's go inside and see who's there.
I can't check to see if your email is correct or not because it's too short.
Why did you run away?
It would be unfair if we treated him so badly.
Do you realize what this means?
It's easy to add 5 to 10.
She spoke rapidly.
I am Christian, but he is Buddhist.
He seems quite happy.
I seldom do that.
Please turn off the light.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
What made her do that?
You'd better go by bus.
Let us suppose she is here.
My mother boiled ten eggs.
It is the duty of every patriot to protect his country from its government.
I always rest for an hour after dinner.
You have a way with women.
I wonder what ear lobes are for.
How did you spend your winter vacation?
I am watching TV.
He's not a talkative person.
I could hardly believe my ears when I heard the news.
She was very happy with my gift.
You had better get away from here at once.
He came back last August.
It was extremely scary.
There are at least 500 students here.
That is quite another matter.
I'm able to swim.
The nail tore his jacket.
I'd like to check out right now.
Keep it at a lower temperature.
"What's that noise?" "It's a deer barking." "In the middle of the town centre?"
Where are Tom's things?
Now they have three children.
My boyfriend doesn't know.
Why is my memory so bad? I'm always forgetting things!
I've never killed nor injured anybody.
Bill is skillful in arguing and debating.
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.
You've gained weight, haven't you?
His brother is a famous soccer player.
He is actually not the manager.
No offense!
Once she starts talking, she is hard to stop.
Are you interested in music?
Just look at all this.
Only four horses competed in the race.
This is too small a house for us to live in.
You have to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't try to hide the truth.
My grandfather likes going for walks.
The driver was charged with speeding.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
I'm not doing that anymore.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
Tatoeba is back, but not everything will be working perfectly.
They say stress causes high blood pressure.
He studied hard to pass the exam.
He has already finished his homework.
I think you're going to want to sit down.
That's exactly what I wanted to see happen.
I don't know if I can go to the party.
How much for half a kilo?
A string of disasters struck the region.
Loneliness and being alone are not the same thing.
A man is responsible for his deeds.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
The chair is made of wood.
I like potatoes.
Life without love is meaningless.
She lacks common sense.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Is this your pencil?
Tom is being very secretive, isn't he?
She spent all afternoon cooking.
It didn't cross my mind.
I'll bring you.
I trust you.
I'd like a glass of water, please.
Who is this girl?
I invited my friends.
I use this.
Tom is fluent in French.
Tom had nowhere to stay.
The bird was half the size of a hawk.
I have already eaten lunch.
It's getting warmer every day.
Orange juice or champagne?
Tom didn't show up for work today.
We need competent leaders.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
Your brother will not buy it.
What nonsense are you talking about?
We were all tired.
Whether he comes or not, the result will be the same.
She promised not to lie any more.
I think the same as they do.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
I don't understand what you mean.
Are you still living with your parents?
Hit me.
I love American food.
Tom wasn't at all surprised to see me.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church.
I always thought that Tom was a bit different.
What does TATOEBA mean?
Tom fell into the ice-cold water of the river.
The woman observes and the man thinks.
I live with my mother, brother and my grandparents.
"What shall I do?" I said to myself.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
The medicine worked marvels.
I often have bad dreams.
Tom was afraid of you.
Are you happy now?
He has much more money than I have.
We surrender.
I don't like anything like hard work.
I don't recommend eating in that restaurant. The food is awful.
It's already time for us to go.
He has all kinds of books.
Tom plays the violin well.
Variable names in C are case sensitive.
The sample isn't pure enough.
All my software is open source.
This is an egg.
Someone was coerced to kill the politician.
There is a cup on the table.
I'm incredibly busy.
How do you know about this?
Our refrigerator is out of order.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
My mother made a sweater for me.
Honesty was the most important factor in his success.
Do not talk to others during class!
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Algeria isn't going to collapse.
I want a cup of cold black tea.
Programming languages are his hobby.
While he was studying, he fell asleep.
This is an East Asian concept -- it's a little tricky to explain in Spanish.
I didn't know that you didn't know how to swim.
My son is taller than me.
Your face is familiar to me.
From my point of view, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
I went to the hospital to have my eyes tested.
I must think over the matter before giving my answer.
She is mad at me.
Everyone is talking about Tom.
I miss him.
What were you drinking?
If I were you, I wouldn't do it.
Turn down the volume, please.
I'm going off to Vancouver next week to see my sister.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
That is as much as I dare spend on it.
Don't go over the railway tracks!
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
Her face turned red.
Yesterday, we had a blast!
She doesn't like sushi.
Father came home.
Tom lived in Japan for ten years.
The Chinese mainland's coasts are surrounded by the Bohai sea, the Yellow Sea, the East China sea and the South China sea.
I think he must go there.
Tom hopes you're able to attend his party.
I'm now working in Boston.
Which singer do you like?
Be sure to remember!
This dress fits me very well.
The teacher gave her pupils a stern telling-off.
When were you planning on telling Tom about what happened?
It's difficult to answer this question.
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly.
He invented an excuse for being late.
Don't forget the ticket.
My mother speaks slowly.
Tom doesn't like this color.
Listen to this!
The library is to the right.
I have many abilities.
Tom is there alone.
Sometimes that happens.
We made friends with Jane.
If I had bought the painting then, I would be rich now.
I must do it again.
He's begun to look for a job.
You're not special.
She is very busy.
Will you give me a light?
The driver increased his speed.
Not a single person arrived late.
Six people applied for this job, but none of them was accepted.
Tomorrow I have to go shopping.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Mary's wife is bisexual.
They decided it was a perfect time to make the move.
I'll see him before that.
May I share this table with you?
We will stay here until Sunday.
You should've come earlier.
I have to go to the bathroom.
I couldn't get him to stop smoking.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
Tell the children to stay out of the kitchen.
I don't know where your book is.
I forget his name.
We overslept.
The doctor called him back.
This is a bad thing.
Do you like to go to the movie theater?
We're fed up with your complaining.
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.
You can't come in with this.
We speak that we do know, and testify that we have seen; and ye receive not our witness.
He asked if I like mathematics.
Mary has already left on her trip.
What time is it now in Boston?
He still hasn't been to France; he really wants to go next year.
Freedom is what we're fighting for.
He lives in this neighborhood.
This mountain is snow-covered the entire year.
Tom is wearing what he wore yesterday.
It's wrong to tell lies.
Politicians never tell us their inner thoughts.
He was enamored of the girl.
Tom could see Mary was about ready to cry.
Here is the house where he lived.
I have the same trouble as you have.
He has a car.
I was laughed at in school today.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
Rubber is not hard: it gives way to pressure.
For the time being, I must share this room with my friend.
They say that he is very rich.
After looking at the research, most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing.
Women commonly live longer than men.
He is an industrious student to the best of my knowledge.
I've got lots of questions.
I don't know how she should deal with that issue.
It is going to rain very soon.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.
It's likely to snow this evening.
We have to look into the disappearance of the doctor.
The building on the hill is our school.
Have you been online?
All of my software is open source.
Tom still doesn't know the truth.
How long, O Catiline, will you abuse our patience?
I write Chinese characters very slowly.
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
Errors are few, if any, in his English composition.
Let's skip class.
How do you account for your being late?
I couldn't do this all alone.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
How much are you paying Tom?
I've already started.
This rug is handmade.
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
I am yet older than he is.
There's a Hong Kong film about eating placenta.
I have no energy today.
It's a bit slow, can you wait for a bit?
Tom misses Boston.
Optimists see opportunities in disasters while pessimists find disasters in every opportunity.
Please write me at name@email.com.
Do you think I should go to Australia?
The eaves are dripping.
Did Tom help his mother yesterday?
The storm developed into a typhoon.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
She was tired, but she kept working.
Do you have a cellphone?
I like your coffee.
I like that singer a lot.
Can I borrow your umbrella?
It rained.
I was late as a result of the train delay.
The organization is not connected with any political parties.
Don't intrude on her privacy.
Your theory has no scientific basis.
Relax.
In other words, you're stupid.
The man was held in police custody.
You can go home.
All I know is that I know nothing.
They are film buffs.
I can hope for a miracle, can't I?
One's new. The other's old.
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.
Tom saw the file.
Where is the horse?
The murderer confessed his crime.
Put the book where you found it.
I can read German, but I can't speak it.
I met him on my way home.
Speech is silver, silence is gold.
The law should not be violated.
What should I do later?
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
His salary is high.
Maybe we should give them a hand.
Tom's bound to complain.
I want a piece of candy.
What web browser do you like the most?
She considered his offer carefully.
I asked him what his name was.
What color is your car?
Hurry up, or you will miss the train.
Tom didn't say a single word.
I am not in the least interested in such a thing.
No, I am always using it.
You just can't stand still, huh? What are you, looking for a fight?
I'll look after your child while you are away.
My name is Anna. What is your name?
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
Add a tiny pinch of salt.
We're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you're not on a diet.
What's your job?
I feel relieved.
Dan was disfigured following a car accident.
No, I can't speak English.
Tom told me he'd give me that book if I wanted it.
There were no mistakes.
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
It's four against you. You'll be beaten up.
She isn't afraid of death.
I am not in the least afraid of dogs.
Even our brains are subject to the laws of physics.
I don't regret it.
She said something to him.
I'd like to get some sleep.
His speech was short and to the point.
A football team consists of eleven players.
I have something to tell you.
Kazu likes sports very much.
I just don't want to lose you.
His work is a source of pride for him.
I was disappointed with his speech.
Tom's hands felt like ice.
She has 5 children.
Why is the table so wobbly?
It really comes in handy.
This bus will take you to the museum.
It is becoming important for us to know how to use a computer.
She asked him some questions.
He is on the radio.
I don't think Tom trusts many people.
Math and English were my favorite subjects.
Take your time, or you may make some mistakes.
Frank majored in sociology at university.
We will pay you according to the amount of work you do.
There's no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there's no such thing as perfect despair.
She opened the letter quickly.
I don't know if there's time.
There is a tendency for people to think that hang gliding is dangerous.
Hearing the sad news, she collapsed in tears.
I need a bigger box.
She's afraid of losing money.
He told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
This behavior shows a lack of respect for the performance.
He looks like a sportsman, but he is a writer.
You must do it.
That house is much better than his house.
I quit smoking six months ago.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can't join in the conversation.
The animals died one after another.
Mathematics is Albert's favorite subject.
I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
She wanted to go over a few things with him.
Tom told me that his father had passed away.
My gloves are size medium.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
Lately, we've entered the dog days of summer.
He is used to traveling.
Sorry!
A Persian cat was sleeping under the table.
Tom has fallen into the river.
He saw a UFO flying last night.
He is always happy.
I don't care for eggs.
We can find similar situations in these next few cases.
Whose grammar book is this?
You still don't have enough experience.
No matter what happens, I will get through the difficulties.
I write poems.
I'm Paul, your room mate.
Nobody can stop time.
That four-year plan has to be approved.
You had better go to bed now.
Would you please look over my report?
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
She doesn't care how she dresses.
Thank you, please come back soon.
The philosopher Socrates discussed death with his friends in prison.
Please forgive my asking such a personal question.
Monkeys kill people too, but only if they have guns.
Do you believe in ghosts?
Dark as it was, we managed to find our way home.
Tom is the one I want.
She did it carefully.
That wasn't funny.
I walked about 1 mile.
That's the cause of his failure.
Can I park my car here?
There are plenty of fish in this river.
Tom doesn't need to thank me.
There was nothing that the doctors could do.
I won't be wearing a tie.
Mary is diabetic, isn't she?
Don't be afraid.
She's selling drugs at concerts.
Your tooth must be extracted.
It is visible to the naked eye.
I am tired of reading.
She has a lot of work to do.
I was born in 1988.
I'll eat here.
One day she met a wolf in the woods.
Fashion isn't my specialty.
The boy rode a horse for the first time.
Will it take long to recover?
Tom is really gifted.
I like watching Korean soap operas.
I was born in Israel.
Was Tom watching TV last night?
This means that eating dumplings on New Year's eve is a symbol of family reunion.
Karl Marx says, "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles."
There is a way.
I think Tom and Mary are careless.
At that time, Mexico was not yet independent of Spain.
His words and deeds do not match.
I've been wanting to see that movie for a long time.
The taller the tree, the more likely it is to be struck by lightning.
The novel has been translated into many languages.
If you want this pen, I'll lend it to you.
No prob.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
It's reasonable that you should do that.
I know a little Spanish.
How much did that cost?
You do such a thing once too often and get punished.
I delight in going to the apple orchard each fall.
You are going too far.
Aah! Hang on a minute!
I am as old as he is.
It is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not.
There is a bag on the desk.
I beg you, give me a bottle!
An earthquake can take place at any time.
What awful weather!
I don't know when he'll come again.
He wishes to become a doctor.
I have known Miss Smith for nine years.
You deserve the prize.
He played the piano and she sang.
Would you give me a hint?
Mary and Alice are Tom's sisters.
Have a good flight.
When I ask people what they regret most about high school, they nearly all say the same thing: that they wasted so much time.
I expected him to offer some help.
Mountaineering is attractive especially to young people because it is accompanied with hardships and adventures.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I've always wanted a pet.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
How many months have you been pregnant?
Please come in!
The car broke down, so they had to walk.
She is a mere child.
I want to talk to your boss.
I want to eat something that isn't sweet.
In China, software piracy is a serious issue.
You've already read the book?
There's really no way to continue this conversation any longer.
No one came except Mary.
He had just arrived.
Could you give a simple self-introduction?
He is good at baseball.
She gave me a smile of recognition.
My hair is longer than Jane's is.
Should I wash the lettuce?
It might snow tonight.
None of his advice was very useful.
When people meet, first impressions determine more than 50 percent of whatever happens next.
That bicycle is mine.
Mr Ford is all right now.
You'll get used to it.
I can't tell you how much I'll miss Tom.
Tom was drunk.
Someone is lying.
How did you know that was my favorite one?
I doubt if he'll come to school today.
We should always wear a seatbelt in case we have an accident.
What are you doing down there?
The thieves knocked off another bank today in a daytime robbery.
I wear jeans almost every day.
We'll ask Tom and see what he thinks.
What do you want to do while you're here?
I know the boy standing over there.
He is a member of the parochial board.
He came.
A wise leader knows when to listen to others.
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."
"I can't find Tom." "Try ringing him."
Everyone is equal before the law.
What's radical today may be cliché tomorrow.
Anybody knows who Florence is?
Why did Jane go to the station?
The door locks automatically.
You shouldn't make fun of Tom.
I'm glad we hired you for this job.
Welcome, everyone!
I'll find you a good doctor.
He is badly off, because his book doesn't sell well.
I've discovered something interesting.
She came to Tokyo at the age of 18.
She looked more beautiful than ever.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
Have you already called Tom?
Her brother takes studying very seriously.
I don't do that as well as I used to.
Use caution.
I bared my soul to her.
I'll ask Tom and Mary why they agreed to do that.
She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
Are you teaching Spanish?
I'm Tom's dad.
Tom is very good at teaching French.
Write something.
That's quite obvious.
Everybody knows his name.
The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
I've taken the HSK and achieved the highest level.
Do you come here every day?
May I have coupon tickets?
It's my job.
I think it'll be fine.
Lightning is usually followed by thunder.
They arrived late because of the storm.
I want to drink something cold.
You're the only one who can help us.
He is out now.
Tom isn't a hero.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
Thanks for arriving.
Medium-rare and a potato, please.
How many professors are there at the University of Turku?
He went out of the room.
He doesn't have any friends.
If you don't kill them, they'll kill you.
She went to the Takasu clinic.
I don't have a dog.
He stole my money from the safe.
I didn't say anything.
I have an audition today.
My sister is color blind.
She is busy right now and she can't speak with you.
I thought we had agreed on this.
You must live in the present, not in the past.
Sami has just been to the mechanic.
There's no need to reply to that letter.
No?
I'm waiting for the train.
There is a book on the table.
My town is by the sea.
Pour melted butter over the popcorn.
Write it in pencil.
I cleared the table.
Tom is talking nonsense.
Hands off!
Everybody loves him.
Can you re-do it for me?
More than 75% of them fear that technology impoverishes the traditional French language.
Carrots cost three dollars.
I never played golf.
It's better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
I miss them.
Why don't you go and join her?
Money answers all things.
Certainly she is correct.
He explained his plans in detail.
We need someone to keep an eye on our baby while we are away.
Tom didn't want to work in Boston.
He left Africa forever.
It's happened again, hasn't it?
I've had it for today. I'm too tired.
He represented our company at the conference.
We saw Tom talking to Mary.
Paris is best in autumn.
OK, what would you like advice on?
They don't talk to us anymore.
Anybody would be better than nobody.
My parents are both lawyers.
My parents were sitting under a tree.
He seemed worried about his health.
It took him three months to learn to ride a bicycle.
I will give you anything you want.
Owing to the rain, the athletic meeting was put off.
I only happened to pass here just now.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
Please speak slower.
She was crying as she answered.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
What a charming couple!
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.
Our train is delayed.
In its graphical representation, the normal distribution is a bell-shaped curve, with the value growing as one moves closer to the middle and decreasing as one moves away.
Open this door.
The acid ate into the metal.
She doesn't like running.
He has a lot of books on history.
Bale needs to be more careful when playing because he’s already been given one yellow card.
May I use your phone?
I think we should talk about this now.
Tom said he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
I had a happy childhood.
She'll love her husband forever.
Judging from the current situation, we cannot complete the task in time.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
I would like to improve my English pronunciation.
Wild!
He seldom, if ever, comes.
Tomorrow will not be cloudy.
The lecture starts at 8 o'clock.
You can't carry people on your bike, didn't you know?
He paid me a compliment.
My primary concern is your safety.
What did Tom do today?
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He has an eye for the beautiful.
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
I can do it without her help.
Tom turned up the TV.
Don't move!
Our baby was born healthy.
Tom said that he was curious.
She extracts beautiful colors from turmeric.
My father loves pizza.
They're watching a movie.
All of a sudden, it began raining.
You should tell the truth.
I love the name Bella. It means pretty, right?
The goal of Tatoeba is to collect sentences of many languages globally, not to laugh at or attack the mistakes in other people's sentences, isn't it?
Yes, I know.
It will be done just as you wish.
It's always raining.
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert.
Father is watering flowers.
Every mother has affection for her child.
I've eaten one apple.
He begged me to stay.
Play there.
Where is the bus stop for downtown?
Will you switch seats with me?
She's cleverer than him.
Tom was arrested for driving without a licence.
To be surprised, to wonder, is to begin to understand.
We trust him.
Emi danced the most beautifully of the three girls.
This is why I came back.
You may have heard of that.
Do you think that my work is easy?
Give some meat to the dog.
I saw you with a tall boy.
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
I'll be there at half seven.
Money does not grow on trees.
Can you eat raw oysters?
These shoes are killing me.
Tom thinks I'm missing this great opportunity.
Sweet dreams, Timmy.
I'd like to pay with a credit card.
I was in the garden all afternoon.
I know Tom pretty well.
I can't tell you how to pronounce the word.
World War II lasted from 1939 to 1945.
Which is your book, this one or that one?
No need to trouble yourself, Auntie. A glass of boiled water will be plenty.
I missed you very much yesterday.
Patience is essential for a teacher.
It's almost six o'clock.
What is the advantage to this technology?
She is Russian.
What time do you wake up every day?
He weighs 80 kilos.
Tom and Mary said they were going to help us do that.
The artist who illustrated this book is very good.
He's three years old now.
Do you feel nauseous?
I collect stamps.
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.
Many accidents resulted from the icy conditions of the road.
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans.
You can't get the suitcase closed because you've stuffed too much into it.
We know this.
The newborn giraffe stumbled around on rickety legs.
Everybody was confused.
I don't have time to translate this text.
She has anxiety for your safety.
I would like to help you.
Whatever you say, I'll do it my way.
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
Is he correct?
Money is important in this way.
Breathing has become difficult.
You've tired yourself out today!
They were worried.
Please stand behind me.
It took a long time for me to get accustomed to the Venezuelan accent.
I ordered several books from England.
As the saying goes: "good always triumphs over evil". But there's another saying that: "the fight against evil is a constant struggle".
The greater part of the guests were foreigners.
I think I'm going to go now.
Tom hates people like that.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
Tom sat at his desk working.
Which one are you referring to?
I have two nieces.
That program is now being broadcast.
It is a prevalent belief, according to a nationwide poll in the United States, that Muslims are linked with terrorism.
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.
My hometown is very pretty.
We studied the government's economic policy.
She says to the cook: Thank you for the meals.
The story ended all of a sudden.
The eggs are in the basket.
I found him working in the garden.
You're too young to be doing that.
I agree with your opinion.
You've got a lot of guts.
Everyone, please be quiet.
Ken likes camping.
I got up early as usual.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
You look very good.
My job is washing dishes.
Most Americans supported the decision.
I'm glad I could help.
He is poor at chemistry.
Here is my take on the matter.
She went to the hospital.
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
Let's think about the worst that could happen.
I don't have time to go to America.
Why would I lie?
Tom deserves to be blamed.
My father does not allow me to have a dog.
We traveled to Mexico by plane.
I want to sleep until 8:30.
When her husband died, she felt like killing herself.
Will you tell me where I'm wrong?
I have a friend who lives in America.
They only sell women's shoes here.
It is not good to tell a lie.
We enjoyed watching the fireworks on a bridge last summer.
You had better go now.
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
If I do not come on Monday, you do not need to bother waiting for me on Tuesday either.
Our biggest enemies may not be other people, but ourselves.
How long will you be in Tokyo for?
Thank you for your advice.
May I ask you to close the window?
These two are standing abreast.
I am in trouble.
It took me three days to read through this book.
That red dress looks good on her.
Dutch is a Low Franconian language.
All their efforts were in vain.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
Please tell me how to get to the airport.
The train is very crowded this evening.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
Lincoln's parents remained poor all their lives.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
What's the number?
The danger is over.
The boy denied having stolen the bicycle.
Is he drinking milk?
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.
I love you all the more for your faults.
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "But you can hardly call them clean!"
Tom is your big brother.
An elephant has a long nose.
My parents are going to buy a new CD.
Even if it rains, the game will be played.
The last person I told my idea to thought I was nuts.
"The castle is haunted," he said with a shiver.
A snail's shell is spiral in form.
We went to the movies last night.
I have been abroad several times this year.
What is the reason why he came here?
I made a mistake.
What was that noise?
Stop pretending that everything's okay. It's not.
After washing, the cat's fur is soft and fluffy, and has a faint scent.
Would you do me a favor?
Everything is ready.
If I can finish up this bit of work, I will go to Nanjing on Monday.
I think I've seen that person next to Xiao Li before.
I want people to appreciate the beauty of my native language, and I want to experience how beautiful other languages can be, too.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John thinks they're stupid.
Tom needs to update his website.
My sister is cooking in the kitchen.
What is over there?
I'm not interested in you.
You'd better go to see your family doctor at once.
She writes beautifully.
The committee consists of scientists and engineers.
We watched a baseball game on television.
Not knowing what to say, I kept silent.
Everyone knew Tom was good at French.
I bought flowers.
Tom grew up in Boston.
I once hoped that my mother would survive until I got married.
I tried to warn him about her, but he won't listen to me.
He was caught cheating in the exam.
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.
She wishes to press charges.
What is your favorite song?
When you encounter difficulties, friends can help you deal with them.
This house is really beautiful.
He is Portuguese.
He took a picture of the koala.
We go to the same school.
How is the error observed?
They can fish.
Tom is working in Boston.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favor of it or not.
It was a long letter.
He worked from morning till night.
I am very sad that he has died.
I would like to have another cup of coffee.
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.
The objective of law is justice.
No need to argue, there is nothing that only has bad effects and no benefits.
The British have a lot of respect for law and order.
At four o'clock, they arrived at the hotel.
Tom was my first boyfriend.
Don't shut your eyes.
Waiter, the bill please.
Tom and Mary both know who you are.
But I don't think it's strange at all.
Tom told Mary he had a lot of money.
Do you play the guitar?
When you hurt others, you also hurt yourself.
At that moment, the telephone in the unit office rang.
He tapped me on the shoulder.
She isn't old enough to get a driving license.
The two sentences are both coherent.
Who is your favourite actor?
These apples are good cookers.
They were afraid.
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.
I couldn't sleep.
He bought a ticket for Paris.
To help others is to help yourself.
She isn't a good cook.
He took out his passport.
"My feet aren't so dirty as yours!" "You'd be hard-pressed to call them clean, though!"
People should do their best.
Lawyers are all liars.
What am I hearing now?
Will you mail this letter for me?
Tom said that Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
He looked young beside his brother.
Hitler assumed power in 1933.
He was hired away by a rival company.
So what will you do in the afternoon?
I asked the company for his resume.
He went to some place or other.
He's a master of provocation.
Do you come here often?
We don't live in Boston.
Tom is coming, too.
Did you already have a meal or not?
Sami started to cry.
It's too late to call Tom now.
When did you see her?
No one is calling you a thief.
She has ten children.
Here I come!
The youngest siblings are in general the most beautiful ones.
There's been a death in his family.
I have heard nothing from him yet.
Tom asked Mary to marry him.
Can't you put it off until tomorrow?
OK, you win.
Tom speaks fluent French.
She stood before the mirror.
We're intimate friends.
I'll make you a new suit.
You look really nervous.
When was she born?
How large is the population of Tokyo?
According to today's paper, there was a fire in the city.
If you don't like wine, then you must've not had good wine before.
We're neighbors.
I hate my neighbor.
Everyone, say cheese.
Whose pen is this?
That'll change nothing.
This library has more than 50,000 volumes.
She tattled on me to her teacher.
Your uncle gives your aunt a haircut.
I love music.
I'm concerned about him.
I can't imagine life without you.
What an awful lot of books you have!
I have to stay home.
Sometimes I say "yes," even though I want to say "no."
This is cheap.
An accident delayed us for half an hour.
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.
We are to be married next Sunday.
Good evening!
Picasso is a famous artist.
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
Are you sure that Tom is behind this?
If I don't drink a swig of water, I can't swallow these tablets.
We have run out of cream.
Can I be of any service to you?
I was just talking to her.
It's a good thing to read good books when you are young.
We'll ask him.
He's old enough to drive a car.
I am new here.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
Eat not only fish, but also meat.
What does USB stand for?
We must take into account the fact that he is young.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
Tom doesn't know what to say.
Your mother is in critical condition.
Don't you fear death?
I can't believe it.
Let's not fool ourselves.
We have what we need.
Tom and Mary were tired of waiting.
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Let me see the pictures you took in Paris.
She has a clean heart.
Jesus was a socialist.
I don't get enough challenge in this job.
My mother tongue is Japanese.
The rain is getting heavier.
That's why ostrich meat costs more than twice as much as beef and pork.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
With all her merits she was not proud.
I don't like English.
Why don't we stop arguing over these piddling matters and get to the issues at hand?
Chinese is too easy to learn.
He seems to be very sleepy.
I'm very tired, but I can't get to sleep.
When he came and found me, his whole body reeked of alcohol.
The child believes that the earth is flat.
I need to know what you know.
Tom doesn't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
He brought back several souvenirs.
Both his sisters are beautiful.
Some people were late.
I'll miss you when you're gone.
Honey, don't forget to wake me up for work at 11 o'clock.
Tom got scolded by Sammy.
We talked about yesterday's test.
We are not young.
I am shorter than you.
Tom has got his own problems.
Don't let narrow-minded people convince you that your dreams are too big.
It's your favourite song.
I met Meg in Kyoto last week.
My daughter caught a cold.
Why are you in such a hurry?
Please say hello to your family on my behalf.
Tom is finally safe.
She dressed like an actress.
He told me that she will not tell him what happened to me on the day he saw me talking about the story about the girl who got killed.
Cats' eyes are very sensitive to light.
I'll give you a call tomorrow.
Melanie is drinking milk.
It is not so difficult as you think.
Don't be so disgusting.
She got married at the age of seventeen.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
Tom has very nice handwriting.
She is determined to leave the company.
I got up very late this morning.
It must be a very expensive restaurant!
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
A shave, please.
The capital of Brazil is Brasilia.
You must be cautious.
In Spain, they wear red boxers or knickers on Christmas.
"Tom isn't here." "Then where is he?"
This website seems quite good.
A boy of seventeen is often as tall as his father.
My friend was shot.
Long live France.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
Are you guys crying?
Don't miss this chance.
That is a pagoda.
She didn't like living in the city.
We know that this is impossible.
She gave him a tender kiss.
You need to be careful.
If Ted were here, he could help us clean our room.
I will let you know in advance.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
Taninna goes to the library and studies every day.
We had to stay home because of the storm.
Put on the hat.
We're good friends, nothing more.
I have one brother and two sisters.
Happy new year.
Tom hates working.
In class she's our teacher; after class she's our friend, and a good friend too.
Those two children were the same age.
You can get it for free.
A dog followed me home.
Did you buy a nice bicycle?
If a person doesn't have a strong will, he will be unable to embrace profound wisdom.
Have some coffee. I think it's really nice.
Do fish sleep?
I wrote a letter asking him to return a bit earlier.
Did you go to London that day?
Leave my car alone.
We've had this discussion before.
He can't swim.
Call me tomorrow.
Tulips will be in flower soon.
I can't figure out what he means.
I want to go to America someday.
Take off your hats.
Let's leave as soon as he arrives.
Tom has spent the past three years in prison.
Tom doesn't speak French very well.
Do you want me to help?
This village is free from air pollution.
I'm a nice guy.
Tom isn't going to be happy.
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
That boy is smart.
Would 9 o'clock be all right?
We took strong measures to prevent it.
That place's food is great, and their prices are good, but the fly in the ointment is their terrible location.
Do you want to take the highway?
Until next week.
Don't make me wait.
Did you feed the dog this morning?
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.
I bought a few eggs and a little milk.
You're the enemy.
Unhappiness comes without being called.
Less noise, please.
Betty is watering the flowers.
Why do you work here?
Can I speak to Mr Sato?
Tom forgot to do his homework.
I eat fruit every day.
I abhor politics.
I suggested that she go alone.
I often feel like just going over there.
Whose is the dictionary on the table?
They don't always obey their parents.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
Where do we go?
The following is the project's progress.
That elder died of hunger.
His words gave me hope.
Language learning brings a lot of joy in our life.
Julian was wrong?
We help for free. If someone wants money from you, they are a scammer.
What happened today?
Please send me a picture of yourself.
I wish more people felt the same way.
When will it end?
I am not frightened of anything.
If he were a little younger, he would be eligible for the post.
She says that she is content with her life.
It is dangerous to drink too much.
I like May the best of all the months.
I work with her boyfriend.
What's your major field?
Look out for the wild dog!
The men are wearing short sleeves.
It was truly depressing.
I'm always forgetting people's names.
The sound of crickets chirping and frogs croaking lulls me to sleep.
Call me.
The house isn't occupied now.
There is an oasis in the desert.
Rain is water falling from clouds.
She can only go to the company to do voluntary work on Sundays.
He broke his leg skiing.
Mary is here to help us, isn't she?
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.
In short, it was a great party.
Please tell the truth.
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
Tom can't be older than me.
Are you not tired?
He lost his sunglasses.
A bar in Shanghai started selling my favorite beer, so I'll take the opportunity to taste some.
I can't take this pain anymore.
I'd like to know how the body absorbs these substances.
She asked him to sit down.
His dress is that of a gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh.
You can't buy apples any more!
This is the place where the incident happened.
My aim is to be a doctor.
I'm the tallest one in the class.
How far is it from here?
No one knows.
He's back.
The computer is new.
I can't remember her address no matter how much I try.
It snows outside.
I have to get my computer repaired.
It seems the rural area will be developed on a large scale.
It was very cold this morning.
I don't like being the one who always has to milk the cow.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
He wrote a letter yesterday.
How come you're able to speak this language?
We sometimes meet them.
He likes to listen to the radio.
This test is too easy.
Looks like a fine day today.
I really like this singer.
I must say no to you.
She's busy.
He has written a letter.
Cherry blossoms are very beautiful.
Tom isn't yet finished.
International problems must be solved by diplomacy, not war.
Tom can swim as fast as you.
We'd better wake Tom up.
I'm not at all satisfied with this result.
I worked on the farm all day.
Ronaldo shot the ball right into the back of the net to score the winning goal.
The tongue and the palate are the taste organs.
I often eat chicken.
I'd like to eat meat zongzi.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
We've got too much work to do.
Had I taken that plane, I would be dead by now.
He lives in Bukhara.
I wish I were rich.
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
For the first time in her life, Yuka has finished reading an English book.
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
She prefers beer to wine.
I'd like to see a doctor.
One of my suitcases is missing.
He's at the bank exchanging money.
His decision to retire surprised all of us.
Being sick in bed, my father can't see you.
Did the union participate in the demonstration?
Mary is busy studying.
Tom hugged Mary.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
You have the advantage of a good education.
You don't have to hurry.
Where were you on October 20th at 2:30 in the afternoon?
I can only give you ten minutes.
I can speak Standard Chinese (Putonghua), Southwestern Mandarin, Wu Chinese, and Spanish.
He has already had lunch.
My uncle has lived in Paris for ten years.
He has a nice income.
This word can't be found in the dictionary.
I have ten pens.
PHP is the best language in the world.
Life in Japan is expensive.
We long for peace.
The front windshield of a car was smashed to pieces.
He seldom writes to his parents.
The child missed his mother very much.
My sister is a teacher.
Let's dance, shall we?
He wasn't like that in the past.
Is Tom dreaming?
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?
It's big for a house.
There are three trees in the yard.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
Is this community safe? Are there lighting installations for the night?
My favorite pastime is strolling along the shore.
Tom also has one.
For the whole day yesterday I was learning English words off by heart.
Does anyone here speak English?
His essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem, so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class.
I've never been so proud of you.
Mine is not so good as yours.
I still need to go to Pudong at 12:30.
You're a woman.
In 1957, the Soviet Union sent a female dog named Laika into space.
I do not read his novels.
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
Let's play!
Tom came to my office this morning.
Are you an Uighur?
Long live Esperanto!
I don't think he'll say yes.
You should especially not drink on an empty stomach.
Mary said she thought you wouldn't do that.
Is your watch correct?
Give me the car keys.
Our work is almost done.
I haven't seen you around here before.
What currency do you use in England?
Is tomorrow Saturday?
Let's forget about what happened today.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
The plan is to recruit 5 Java engineers before the end of next month.
I'm the king of the world!
Take a look at these tyres.
Do you like to cook?
The year of the dragon has ended.
His memory amazes me.
She said that she gets up at six every morning.
Don't you have two computers?
What flavour does this yoghurt have?
There is no excuse that will let you be absent from the meeting.
Tom practiced in front of the mirror.
Washington's neocons should not push their aircraft carriers too close to Russia and China. These two countries have the weapons they need to pulverize them.
The young girl burst into tears.
I found the rare edition that I've been looking so long for.
What's the name of this tune?
I love my grandmother very much.
Tom is in the house.
I love my work very much.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
He returned from abroad yesterday.
What do you want to do?
Now is tourist season.
Washing clothes is my work.
Messi was very close to scoring a goal, but the referee blew his whistle to say that he was offside.
Tom looked at his notes.
It would be better for both of us not to see each other anymore.
I must put my ideas together before I take up a pen.
You may go home now.
Math is fundamental to any science.
We should ask Mary what she thinks.
My heart beats fast.
Get out! I don't want to talk to you!
Who is Anna's classmate?
It's hard to resist the wish to make the sentence rhyme.
His son was expelled from school.
I have a dull pain in my temples and my mind feels like its covered with a thin layer of fog.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
I'm happy if you're happy.
There's a book about dancing on the desk.
I'm not good at drawing.
I study at school.
How much time do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
I have little interest in history.
Tom is getting paranoid.
There are rules.
Of the two of them, the taller one went out first.
Didn't you lock your bike up?
It's not polite to point at others.
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
We're special.
I put roll-on antiperspirant all over my body. If sweat starts squirting out the top of my head, you know why.
Let's take a walk in the park.
I never touch beer.
Tom wasn't drunk.
The next day Jesus decided to leave for Galilee.
I'd like a doll, a new bicycle..... and peace on earth!
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
What time will you leave the office?
I don't think that was a wise decision.
They smoked.
I understand perfectly.
They were girding for the exam.
I like movies a lot.
The woman is young.
He wants to become a writer.
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging, and also to recycle all waste plastic.
Where do you work now?
He slid his arms around her and kissed her.
Nothing is as important as peace.
He froze to death.
Please charge your glasses and drink a toast to the bride and groom!
They flunked their exams.
How long does it take to get to the station?
Sami stole from the church.
I am busy.
You'd better stay in bed for a few days.
Our new head office is in Tokyo.
I hope it'll be fine tomorrow.
He keeps his youth by jogging.
Tom needs the money.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
His success is the result of hard work.
She began to sing.
That is weird.
How's everyone?
I have been walking for over four hours.
This sentence has errors.
I forgot to go and see the doctor yesterday.
I helped her translate this sentence so many times.
Do you think that you are qualified for that aspect of the work?
It is no less than two hours' walk from here.
There is not a scrap of truth in his words.
Tom's out of the country.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
He bought a pair of white sport shoes.
This is easy!
The speaker didn't know his subject, nor did he speak well; in short, he was disappointing.
Your blood pressure's low.
What beverages do you like to drink?
Tom often sends jokes to me.
Sami spend a lot of money on Layla.
Exactly!
They are my colleagues.
He likes to travel alone.
Does Tom have to be there?
I'm having a great time in Canada.
What will you do tomorrow?
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.
It was just a dream.
It's four o'clock by my watch.
You look just like my sister.
It is often said that nothing is more precious than time.
Scientists are working hard to put an end to AIDS.
I don't feel like studying.
Tom isn't tall.
Tom was on TV last night.
And with me, we are yet one more.
I don't really think Tom needs to do that.
My friend is designing a user interface for the new operating system.
She did everything for her.
He didn't listen to his father at all.
The room is full of people.
All of them agreed to the proposal.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Why isn't Tom asleep?
My older brother lives in a small village.
He is not a poet but a novelist.
I'll never speak to you again.
How old is this zoo?
I wish I were taller.
Well do I remember the man's name.
He asked me two questions.
I believe it is a genuine Picasso.
I am afraid of airplanes.
Why are your ears so big?
The door was locked from within.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
Everything comes to those who wait.
They lived a happy life.
We were kids then.
Distance creates beauty.
She likes all the dresses he bought for her, old and new.
In some rural areas, the Internet is important for agricultural information, as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing.
It isn't that simple.
You're very dejected.
Where is the nearest lost and found?
I can't just call in sick.
The books here are mine.
Do you have something to say to me?
The QA team has discovered a serious bug. As a consequence, it is recommended that all work be reviewed from the beginning.
I wanna get out of here!
People from Shanghai speak Shanghainese; they can also speak Mandarin.
She believes her son is still alive.
Freedom of thought is guaranteed by the constitution.
Our team lost all of its games.
I wish I could see the ancient world.
I've missed so much.
After all they came to terms with each other.
The sun is setting.
Don't eat so fast.
I'm thinking of going to Europe.
No offence!
I ran into Mary at a party last week.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
Sleep on the couch.
They said that they didn't need our help.
How many students are in the school?
I'm talking about my friend.
Do they love each other?
I love my daughter.
Mind your head.
The mountain was covered with snow.
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday.
Which do you like better, spring or autumn?
Let's have dinner together.
Have you all eaten?
He fell and hurt his hand.
The substance is light enough to float on the water.
Algeria is in the midst of a political crisis.
Stay and have a drink with us.
The magazine Look is no longer being published.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
This song is familiar to me.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
I love spending time with Tom.
The king crushed his enemies.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that's anonymity or giving detailed reference.
It's dangerous!
Stop joking around.
What's your favourite TV programme?
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." "She's cute so it's fine with me."
Look it up in your dictionary.
I represent all of the students in the class when I thank you for the help that you've given us.
My camera was stolen on the train.
Have you ever been to Australia?
I think that things like this happen by chance.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go.
Children of six and above should attend school.
He likes to read newspapers.
Mary invited my best friend to a party, but not me.
It's unbearably hot.
Did you ski yesterday?
You'd better relax a bit.
He overslept this morning.
He keeps two cats: one is black, and the other white.
Don't bother.
I can't finish the job in so short a time.
I like to eat meat.
I will make you regret it.
Keep on smiling.
You haven't asked me anything.
No matter how old one may be, one can learn.
You'd better see a doctor.
You have three cats.
I slept with my boss.
He asked me whether I was busy.
Yes, I'm coming immediately.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
What is your native language?
Relax, it's just a scarecrow.
You made it.
There's something off about you today.
So what should I do now?
Birds were singing in the woods.
I'm anxious to see you.
There is no doubt as to her beauty.
I'm getting nowhere.
It's raining, so the kids aren't playing in the yard.
This little story is too simple to explain everything.
The widow mourned for her husband for a long time.
Watch my camera for me.
Protect me.
I was expecting you at 11 o'clock.
She can play the piano very well.
George is quite talkative.
I promised Tom I wouldn't say anything.
I have no time.
Push the red button if something strange happens.
Beth has a strong habit of interrupting people while they are talking.
The rope broke under the strain.
Everything's gone.
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.
I like tulips and cats, but tulips are poisonous to cats. How should I choose?
I've never eaten Chinese food before.
His face reddened with shame.
Why?
Tom couldn't go to college because his family didn't have enough money.
She can wait till the cows come home but he'll never come back.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
It was our secret.
He found a ball in the garden.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
That's not a horse, it's a donkey.
She was holding a small parasol in her hand.
Is there a gas station around here?
A good idea occurred to me last night.
Edison invented many useful things.
Its color is red.
She plans on getting divorced.
A baby is sleeping in the cradle.
The store sells fruits and vegetables.
What are you guys drinking?
How much money do I owe you?
In Japan, it is polite to bow when one meets someone.
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.
I had my pocket picked on the train.
What would you do if you had a million dollars?
You broke the rules.
I wonder what she really means.
He forced me to go there.
I was left out in the cold by everyone.
Aren't you scared, Tom?
Lucy was brought up by her grandparents.
I don't want to talk about myself.
Someone stole all my money.
The small hill turned out to be an ancient burial mound 2,000 years old.
I'm going to leave tomorrow.
Compass needles point to the north.
This book isn't mine.
Do you really need a car?
We have some encouraging news.
Our school is across the river.
What's wrong with this projector? It won't display anything.
I owe a lot of money.
Thank you, I couldn't do it without you.
It's driving me crazy.
I learn Turkish.
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China, but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers.
Children are all foreigners.
With you it's summer all year round.
I don't quite understand what he says.
Our school begins at eight-thirty.
Is this bag yours or his?
How do you heat the house?
I don't miss them.
An increase in the number of cars will affect the urban environment.
He asked me to speak more slowly.
This is Doraemon.
I lent Tom my camera.
Frank was waiting with pleasure for the date in the evening.
The taxi is here.
I was angry because he was late.
He blew out the candle.
I don't think that I like this game very much.
I just got back from England.
I've lived here since I was a boy.
We're not ready to leave.
I went there recently.
His opinion coincides with ours.
Jim sometimes has disagreements with his wife.
No news is good news.
I'm almost finished reading this book.
Open the cupboard to the left, the bottles are in there.
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.
I saved your life.
I am near the station.
Though he is rich, he is not happy.
I don't feel like watching TV.
He is nearly 40.
We're a married couple.
The less you know, the better, OK?
The tablets took away my pain.
He reads a good deal.
Why won't you go to school?
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick.
My shoes are bigger than yours.
He studied for ten years.
The picnic was canceled because of rain.
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love.
The horses eat grass.
What do you think of Japan's economy?
Do you know if my father is still in the office?
I needed to speak to you about something.
I kissed her on the forehead.
I should've brought my camera.
When was this temple built?
This is where Tom wants to live.
You were told to go. Why didn't you?
Your brother won't buy it.
North Korea is weird.
Stay put till I get to you.
Tom'll wait.
I don't go to school on Sundays.
What is on Channel 10?
Are you afraid of being fired?
Tom isn't a good worker.
It wasn't just that she didn't blame him - she actually praised the guy.
George, if you are not listening to the radio then turn it off.
The sound is really loud.
What's the difference between A and B?
Which one of the books that I lent you did you like the best?
I don't like to swim in the pool.
The typhoon caused damage across several provinces.
My dream is to study Chechen in Grozny.
Our fridge is broken.
It's not a watch.
She's about the same age as I am.
She cannot work this machine.
The school expelled him.
Did everyone do their homework?
He received a good many letters this morning.
My friend is studying Korean.
How many are there in your class?
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
It is he who is to blame.
All of these meetings are in English.
How long have you been living in Japan?
Please fill in this application form.
He used to be a nice boy.
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.
They've furnished the library with a lot of books.
Nobody knows where he has gone.
I like walking alone.
Me and him are friends.
I allowed Kate to go home.
This book is very small.
He's a captivating speaker.
Does Tom drink coffee?
I'm going to take the 10:30 train.
I'm terribly sorry.
We work every day but Sunday.
Do you want to eat prawns?
Someone is standing behind the wall.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
Are you homesick?
I have nothing to say.
They were all hoarse from shouting.
They were finished.
We are drawing animals right now.
Doesn't Tom go to Australia every month?
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
My girlfriend cried.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn't a problem, but the problem is that I'm poor.
My age is going to tell on me.
To learn a foreign language requires a lot of time.
Please wash your hands after using the bathroom.
I believe he can win.
It's the right thing to do.
Mother prepared us lunch.
The cup is on the table.
Lucario is a creature in the Pokémon series.
How great Getter Jaani is!
Does she want codfish?
Please wrap it up.
My wife is a physician.
How's business?
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
They called in a doctor because the child was ill.
No matter how you say it, I'm not going to listen to you.
Give Tom more time.
He has no house in which to live.
Everything is going horribly wrong for Tom.
She couldn't look him in the face.
There are some strange animals in the zoo.
Tom is blind.
The workers complained when their working hours were extended.
I spoke slowly so that they might understand me.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
Hanni and Nanni are twins.
I haven't yet watched that video.
Today is my sister's birthday.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
We've had a most delightful day.
I wonder if they'll get divorced.
He stole money from her wallet.
We study a species of poisonous frog very similar to a stone.
He called me Ichiro.
Please don't die!
Professor Kai has been studying insects for forty years.
Tom was very sick.
Time heals all wounds.
I'm not talking to you. I'm talking to the monkey.
I'll miss you so much.
My native language is Spanish.
What sort of work do you do?
She may have missed the 7:00 train.
You're just like your father.
I wish you the best of luck.
I have no choice except going by air.
Can you make it a bit cheaper?
We'll ask politely.
Do you happen to know his name?
I wasn't yelling.
I've bought an electric bike.
He is mad about music.
Drinking wine aids digestion.
I should go to bed.
The day after tomorrow is Sunday.
That's an exception.
He came after you left.
I need a plate.
Are you a Filipino?
She gave me whatever help I needed.
Don't talk in the classroom.
It was easy for him to find a job.
Reading books is important.
She felt very anxious.
When she was thirteen, she ran away from home.
Your guess is almost right.
This water was polluted by oil.
My elder son is Lech Zaręba.
I lost my luggage.
My father can take me to the airport.
I feel heartache.
It is inconceivable to me that he would do such a thing.
Betty is crazy about dancing.
What did you want us to do?
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
I'm lost.
How many kebabs will you have?
The President of the United States has the power to veto and send back legislation.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
We travelled all over the country.
He doesn't speak French, neither do I.
Since you all say that, I must think again.
Coffee vending machines are bad.
How should I know?
When using this information, I will of course follow your requirements.
Whose dictionary is it on the table?
Russian is very difficult to learn.
This umbrella is mine.
I am joking.
He should be coming.
I bought a coat and a jacket at the department store.
The mountain is covered with snow.
Every rose has its thorns.
I have never gone to America.
Tell me again where you live.
I even made Tom laugh.
He went to the USA last week.
I got injured in the traffic accident.
I'm a nurse.
When I came home, my little sister was playing the guitar.
It cost me ten thousand yen to have my television set repaired.
I'll call you around five o'clock.
We elected James chairman.
When I was in elementary school, my mother always fetched me from school.
Everything outside is fly-posted again.
He's consoling his mother.
Your chair is similar to mine.
Do we have enough food?
You're the prisoner.
Tom was bullied.
We come from hundreds of ethnic and language backgrounds, yet we are united by common goals. Above all, we want to honor Jehovah, the God of the Bible and the Creator of all things. We do our best to imitate Jesus Christ and are proud to be called Christians. Each of us regularly spends time helping people learn about the Bible and God’s Kingdom. Because we witness, or talk, about Jehovah God and his Kingdom, we are known as Jehovah’s Witnesses.
My idea is different from yours.
I gave them one thousand yen each.
She becomes drowsy after dinner.
How's school?
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be sick.
Tom's hands are shaking.
Unfortunately, it rained.
By chance, I met my professor at a restaurant last night.
Drinking more water won't do you any harm.
What storey is our room?
I hope I don't have to do that tomorrow.
That is because I got up late.
Are you studying?
Can you sit there?
She has broken the toaster again.
Life goes on.
You look very tired. You must have been working too hard.
I will write a book about that.
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.
All the world speaks English.
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
Why did her father go to Japan?
He's my daughter's best friend.
Peter loves Jane.
That furniture is my mother's.
It is still fresh in my memory.
We used to play in the park.
Have you ever eaten insects?
Tom might be studying French now.
Instead, they detect sounds through their tongues and feel vibrations through sense organs in the skull.
You look like you're confused.
Tom dozed off in French class.
I am very happy to see you again.
The early bird gets the worm.
It isn't practical.
I need to take notes.
The two men were seen to steal into the house.
Going out with those clothes? They look kinda bad.
I'm bored.
I know how to speak Spanish and French.
Why should anyone be surprised?
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
Being a good conversationalist does not just mean being a good speaker of English.
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
When it comes to animals, this can't be considered as being something cruel.
No, thanks.
Have you got shampoo?
The train is to arrive on time.
I already told my parents.
People love to talk.
Tom doesn't need to know where I'm going.
The budding of the peach tree is very beautiful.
Can you speak Uyghur?
To solve a problem, you must find the one responsible for it.
A dream come true!
I pay in cash.
I hear you, but I don't see you.
You can't be young.
Let's go to Mark's place.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
Then I'll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
It snowed last night.
What's your most special dish?
I think it's time for me to wash this shirt.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible to do.
She wrote a book about the bird.
I married eight years ago.
Very happy to meet you.
He designed the new building.
The tall man left in a hurry.
A little bird told me.
Do you feel like you can't connect with other people?
Be more modest.
Tom is vegan.
Where are you going to take me?
That is the passport.
I have no idea what you mean.
I'll think it over carefully.
Because I know you and you aren't like that.
Everybody is fine.
He said it merely as a joke.
How about going out for a walk?
You're the woman of my dreams.
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?
Who did you come with?
Why do you want to learn Dutch?
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
Please let me take a day off tomorrow.
If he were here, what would he say?
Carlos waited a moment.
Tom thought Mary was surprised.
I wonder why karaoke is so popular.
I need you.
There are some apples in the basket.
You are always fighting.
Cats hate to get wet.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.
That's not important.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
May we swim here?
How many sisters do you have?
You stink.
Tell Tom what'll happen to him if he doesn't do it.
Tom is exaggerating.
He dropped a bunch of hard tasks on me.
We have experienced many changes over the last decade.
Tom has a good memory.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Tom talked too much and let the secret slip.
Why do you try to run away?
Tom's good, but not good enough.
I suspect that Tom is tired of doing that.
Don't ever mention that again.
She's a professor whose works you could stack up to head height.
We went for a walk in the forest.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
My sister is an English teacher.
Bob was very happy.
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.
Go to the history department or education department.
I have not seen my parents in a long time, my boss has sent me to England for a business trip, I'll use the opportunity to visit my parents.
I trust him.
An argument may be logically sound without being true.
This book was easy.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I've got my college interview tomorrow. Hopefully I'll pass.
Tracy lost her glasses.
It is not until you go abroad that you realize how small Japan is.
Please refer to page ten.
The name of this statesman is known to everybody in Japan.
I didn't literally translate from English into Japanese.
I'll call you back.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the U.S.
Are you sure?
He wore a dark sweater.
Are you already home?
When did you get up this morning?
I hope she's not his girlfriend.
Some are deceived by fair words.
A goodbye party was held for Mr. Jones.
Nobody will believe you.
Compared with her sister, she isn't very punctual.
Keep off the grass.
We all hope for peace.
There's no way to get in touch with him.
Do you like flying?
I can't take my eyes off of you.
Tom is my dentist.
This sangza is really good!
As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Who's the funniest person in your class?
When will it begin?
There's something odd going on.
She is a nurse.
He did not know what to say.
I am not so fond of music as you are.
I will fight to the death.
I hate my eyebrows.
Japan is located in the Northern Hemisphere.
World population has rapidly increased.
That's all true.
You refused to do that, didn't you?
I don't think that I have any bad habits.
Tom is the best barber in town.
The little girl will go astray if no one cares much about her.
Where is the nearest police station?
Perhaps you are right.
It is time to get up.
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary.
I hear my uncle died of cancer.
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.
Don't walk across the tracks!
Tom broke the window pane.
I've been looking forward to this for a long time!
Turn the key to the right.
Sami was in a hotel room.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Lie down and rest for a while.
Bob also can drive.
The heater doesn't work.
I played catch with my father.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
Grandma likes watching TV.
You're welcome, it was nothing.
I know that some people value my work.
Betty's Esperanto is really great.
That bag is mine.
You have good reason to be angry.
Physically impossible.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
Don't make fun of me. I'm serious.
What do you want to say to me?
He is a head taller than me.
Please think about the problem.
Dozens are still missing.
I can't find my charger.
What's up?
Can you speak Klingon?
I don't want to live my life in fear.
How long are you staying in Japan?
Do you want something to drink?
"More coffee?" "No, thanks."
Keep in touch with me.
She doesn't have any enemies.
I would rather work for any company than waste another year.
Mr. Smith came.
I cannot agree with your opinion.
My name's not Louis.
Your shoes do not go with the suit.
That's all I said.
This is a television.
I'll pay you back as soon as I have money.
Thank you for coming to help me.
Hey guys, please be quiet.
There is not much possibility of his coming on time.
I thought you'd be full after eating that big steak.
I'm full.
We have lots of things to do.
She went to the museum by taxi.
You ought to ask for your teacher's permission.
Has something happened?
The houses caught fire one after another.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
That woman's very beautiful.
He can borrow my moped for a few days.
I am very hungry.
I climb mountains.
Is there anything else you'd like?
I'm undressing.
I won't abandon you.
It's bad manners to talk during meals.
Don't push.
How much was your new computer?
There's a telephone in my room.
It is less humid today than it was yesterday.
I can't believe you're giving up.
They would've told us if they'd known.
I'll bring them home.
Too bad I didn't wait for your response before I added the sentences.
I've quit drinking beer.
Such a plan will give rise to many problems.
Skin and debone the fish.
I've already told Tom he can't go to Mary's party.
I want to live in a quiet city where the air is clean.
There is too much furniture in the house.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
Tom should have someone do that for him.
I told Tom I thought that it was a good idea.
Why are you climbing this tree?
He was detected in the very act of stealing.
I've had a lot of work to do lately.
More than twenty boys went there.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
Is there any possibility of his resigning?
Who can speak both Chinese and Japanese?
They require me to work harder.
There are a lot of eggs in the box.
I have to be there by 7:00.
Come with me, come with us!
The students are talking about language and culture.
I live in Antalya.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
Of us all, Tom was by far the best swimmer.
It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
In terms of appearance, she's not any worse than her sister.
You have made the very same mistake again.
He has recently returned from France.
I want a quart of milk.
I met a novelist and a poet.
Are you working?
Tom is very clever.
I got it for next to nothing.
I am drawing a bird.
My family's cat is not afraid of people or insects, but is afraid of chicks.
"I want to sit in your seat." "If you want that, then let's change seats!"
Marie doesn't remember having turned the light off.
Do you have these shoes in my size?
London was a city built for the horse.
There's no water.
Can we meet February 28, around 3:00 pm?
I feel like going out today.
That's so expensive! Can't you get it cheaper?
Should we add a little more salt?
It's already seven.
Tom added broccoli to the stew.
I almost drowned.
This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
Can you come?
When I came home, my sister was playing the guitar.
We will confirm your order as follows.
Try resting for now.
My dog is sitting next to me watching TV.
Tom is a distant relative of mine.
He didn't do it on purpose.
That won't work!
That's the village I was born in.
You look tired. You should rest a little.
Say which you would like.
Don't associate yourself with people that give up easily.
I promise.
She has brown shoes.
I'm sorry, I don't have change.
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
Why are you worrying about something that doesn't matter so much?
Shall we walk?
Open up your mind.
None of them could understand what she was implying.
Many people believe that acupuncture can cure diseases.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She was blindfolded.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
She was able to be ready early this morning, because she finished packing last night.
What kind of man was he?
I have a bad idea.
You seem busy.
My major is linguistics.
I have to say goodnight to Tom.
I hope Tom appreciates it.
I just threw up.
None were wearing seat belts.
I think you know that's not true.
They didn't keep their promise.
Do it again, the same as last time.
What an easy problem it is!
I'm sick and tired of hamburgers.
You must be joking.
I don't know what I should do now.
We don't have sugar.
Why did my sixty-year-old landlord buy a trampoline?
You're always as busy as a bee.
It was so hot that I got into the shade and took a rest.
Mike has been out of work for a year.
Everybody except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought he should study French.
Do you often go to Munich?
I'm reformed.
Ken leapt over the wall.
Taro is the most famous of the three.
I'm feeling good this morning.
Yeah. I think so, too.
We know that all men are mortal.
Don't tell her.
Tomorrow it will rain.
Dog is man's best friend.
This song is very popular in Japan.
Children depend on their parents for food, clothing and shelter.
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
You are going to make me go crazy!
Melanie is busy right now.
I hate the English language and everything related to it.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
Have you ever dedicated a song to the orphans?
He arrived at school exactly on time.
What subject are you studying?
He bought a new pair of gloves.
Mary wanted proof.
Please wait on him first.
I must buy a new winter coat.
He was disqualified from the competition.
He hurt his left foot when he fell.
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.
Nancy seldom smiles.
A man can't escape his past.
Please use a pencil to write down your name.
"She's not only beautiful but also humorous." "Can she cook?" "Who cares?"
I'm a determined, organized, and responsible person.
I've been saving these for you.
Throw it in the bin.
'Teng' and 'Cheng' rhyme.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
The neighbours see that the mailbox hasn't been emptied.
To defend ourselves, we had to tell a lie.
The film lasted 2 hours.
I'm glad you liked my friends.
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
The Chinese government has spent a lot of money on research into successful panda breeding in order to increase their birth rate.
Is death the only way to liberation?
How do ducks call?
I'm thirty now.
Let's play hide-and-seek!
Where are we meeting?
It seldom snows here in winter.
Will the price keep going up?
Please save my place.
I'm not a magician.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
I borrowed your pillow.
Personal privacy is a joke.
Have you tried the rice?
They never do exercise.
The palace was heavily guarded.
Today I'm feeling melancholic.
This is mine.
I like Sachiko better than Akiko.
Tom is building a house.
You need to go home right now.
I'm interested in palm reading.
I'm in bed.
Andy is never late for a date.
Speakers of the dialect are in the majority in this region.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
Don't jump!
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
"Can you move over a bit?" "Yeah, sorry, I didn't realize I took up that much space."
I need advice.
This manga is pretty popular in China.
Your shoes are here. Where are mine?
We used to go skating every weekend.
They spoke of their high exam grades with understandable pride.
He and his sisters are currently living in Tokyo.
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
It grew larger and larger.
Yanni and Nuja listened carefully to Skura.
Love your enemies.
Did you have a good rest?
He gave me food and money as well.
Could you please get me a taxi?
He will come back sooner or later.
We all like you a lot.
I know you don't want to talk to me.
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido.
There were no more free seats.
This is Mr. Smith.
Please correct my pronunciation.
His birthday is August 21st.
Tom is working hard.
It's a piece of cake.
Nobody knows where she is.
Tom drank some beer.
Best of luck to you.
Is there any special news in today's paper?
I think Tom would be pleased.
The king abused his power.
You're really beautiful.
You must be tired after such a long trip.
Tom has slept.
There is a bottle of wine on the table.
The whole neighborhood was surprised at this news.
I teach Spanish.
I got sick from drinking too much.
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.
It is said that the weather on the mountain changes easily.
I was shocked.
Are you for or against abortions?
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
I think that it's too big.
He studies Chinese.
How much is this racket?
Is the system linear?
He was born in Africa.
I can stay up as late as I want.
You've got the wrong number.
I've found something amazing!
There's a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
Oceans do not so much divide the world as unite it.
They're all the same size.
Tom lost his balance and fell down.
She was buried in her hometown.
Why do you hate me?
I think she likes it.
Is this tofu?
Tom and Mary switched places on the bench.
I went to a park this morning.
He is stubborn.
Sydney is far from here.
I think we should be able to go wherever we want to.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
Did you get the package I sent you?
He majored in drama at college.
Eating carrots can help cure night blindness.
You have to turn in the reports on Monday.
Let me explain it to Tom.
The reason why you failed is you didn't try hard enough.
I'm tired, and a bit annoyed.
His older brother passed away last month.
She stood on tip-toe and whispered something in his ear, and then went away.
I can't bring myself to do such a thing.
My father feels satisfied about this result.
Don't you know that?
Bob is popular at school.
All of a sudden, the enemy bombs came down on us like rain.
Acknowledge your own faults before criticizing others.
Tom's Japanese is improving little by little.
Money ruins many.
May I join you?
I can hear somebody singing.
I thought we could win.
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Tom is a student.
Come and see me right now.
It's the cops!
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia.
I think Mary is very attractive.
Where did it come from?
This is my mom.
That's a little hard to believe.
However, the quantity was not correct.
How come your fingerprints are on this glass?
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
Sometimes I will lose the context of my speech in an instant, as if a sudden gust of wind blows away the music score being played without leaving a trace.
Tom painted the part of the fence where the paint had flaked off.
How much honey should I buy?
Swimming makes the legs stronger.
I want you to tell me the truth.
Nobody wants you to do that.
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.
Is your family still there?
I want a little bit of coffee. I don't want anything else.
Tom began to talk.
When was the castle built?
Let's take a taxi.
Business is booming in Algeria.
Jane is sick in bed.
He has already gone out.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
What is the book about?
Patience is sometimes the most effective weapon.
Do you want any of these books?
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.
She asked him to open the window.
Please give me some advice on what I should do.
She looked sad.
Tom is probably still studying French.
That's perfect.
It's difficult to quit smoking.
Can I have some tea?
Are you really going to London to study?
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
My room is just below.
There's no chance of rain today.
I will live in Sasayama next year.
The water mains burst due to the earthquake.
Sammy was arrested.
We want to know why.
"Does it taste good?" "Yeah, it's good."
You speak French very well. I wish I could speak it as well as you.
You are correct in thinking so.
She works for a hospital.
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
He is towing.
Somebody should tell Tom how to behave.
The meeting was called off.
Tom drinks beer every day.
She is politeness itself.
I have something on.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
He died without a will.
He made up an excuse.
What do you plan to major in at college?
I know who you all are.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
The milk is sour.
We'd better get a move on.
In a democracy, it is important that the press be independent.
When she arrives, we'll start.
She's got a cat. The cat's white.
There's a policeman outside who wants to see you.
I have to fight.
Let me read the paper when you have finished with it.
The stage was sprinkled with flower petals.
Lunch is often rice or pasta.
Never say never.
How do you say that?
The game will probably be canceled.
Most of the students here go to school on bike.
Such is life!
I've always been smart.
Tom spent most of the morning straightening up his office.
Do you know Mr Gao?
Tom wants a computer small enough to easily carry.
He got thrown out of the house.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
Skin shouldn't be exposed to sunlight for too long.
He left an hour ago.
This book will be of great use to us.
Do you go to Munich often?
What's wrong, honey?
Man differs from animals in that he can speak and think.
Don't come into my room.
I thought you said you didn't see anything.
Tom promised that he'd come, but he didn't.
The vase crashed and shattered into pieces.
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom.
I should not have said that.
She looks better than before.
Tom stared at his feet.
Jim is short for James.
I need not have watered the flowers. Just after I finished it started raining.
Please come over with your wife.
In "明", what is the character on the left? And the one on the right?
Get dressed.
I have a corner in my liver just for you, alcohol.
Someone else profits from the situation.
I know Tom is looking at me.
You should smoke less.
I see Dan.
She is having lunch now.
I can't do any more than this.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
Why do you know that?
He doesn't play basketball.
Why don't we go to the bookstore on foot?
Many children die of starvation in Africa.
He makes his living by singing.
Children are the flowers of our lives.
After a long day of looking at a computer, don't you feel tired?
This won't help you.
People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin Franklin said it first.
Who solved the hard problem?
She just came back from the restroom.
Let's go help him!
We don't have any eggs left either.
It did not eat.
Something is wrong with my typewriter.
They're Russian.
Do young French people talk about politics too?
He had the impudence to cut across our garden.
These glasses aren't mine.
George failed in business.
How high is Mount Everest?
I have eight brothers.
Yesterday I sold two books.
I am dealing with difficulties.
Three Chinese students were admitted to the college.
I love my homeland.
I guess I'm never going to get married.
I don't wish to harm you.
Does Tom know that you work here?
A long time ago, there lived an old king on a small island.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
Am I singing that song well?
Give it another go.
How many of you are there?
Palm oil production is the leading cause of deforestation in Indonesia.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
This still applies to him.
John made an angry gesture.
As often as she tried, she failed.
She is pleased at her success.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
Has Tom come back already?
It's no big deal.
Make sure you get plenty of rest.
I've never heard her speak ill of others.
I speak a little Japanese.
What are you guys doing?
The people whom I meet are kind.
These are our kids.
In spring, the days become longer.
That's great.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it yourself.
I'm a new student.
There is a house on the hill.
I paid ten dollars for this cap.
I didn't mean to keep it secret.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
As for me, I have nothing to say.
He isn't here because he's ill.
If you want to become thin, you should cut back on the between-meal snacks.
When are you leaving?
He loves traveling.
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely.
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night.
I'm Helen Cartwright's daughter.
This is a serious issue.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
I am not sure if all the robots are so lazy.
The moon is not a good place to live on.
I met him the other day.
Men are hunters, and women are prey.
His salary is high, and the hours are pretty good, too.
He let out the secret regarding this matter.
I took you for Mrs. Brown.
Everything will be alright.
During that time, we only heard about thieves, about murders, about men who had died of hunger.
There are fifty members in this club.
He finally agreed to our plan.
You are very early this morning.
Mary has done her work well.
The essence of liberty is mathematics.
They died one after another.
The number of muffins that you'll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
I learned Korean for ten years.
According to the Bible, God made the world in six days.
I am lost. Can you help me, please?
Did Spot go, too?
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger, but nevertheless, the tiger is still the inferior creature.
I'm a communist.
She despised him.
Each child was given a present.
One more effort, you will get on in life.
The car replaced the bicycle.
Please get a lot of pencils.
I can eat anything but onions.
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home.
I know who lives in this house.
The batteries in my calculator are dead.
I have a newspaper clipping file.
I cannot iron my clothes. I have no iron.
I wonder if Tom really wanted to go to Australia with Mary.
How far do you want to go?
This weekend we can make telephone calls for free.
I recognized some of the tunes that Tom played.
Two glasses of apple juice, please.
My father died before I was born.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Date of last revision of this page: 2010-11-03
Lao Zhang bought a sweater.
I think a movie is more entertaining than any book.
"That's a woman's job," said Tom.
He presented her with a doll.
Everybody saw it.
Tom knows all the answers.
Yesterday my big brother went to Fukushima to help the locals. I'm very afraid of the rise in radiation levels.
The sample is not pure enough.
Noted literary personalities gathered together last evening.
Eggs should be boiled for at least five minutes.
Have I offended him?
Ask her where he parked his car.
The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt.
All men like to play baseball.
Is this "giving sermons" or "sticking one's nose in someone else's business"?
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building.
I advised her to come by 9:00.
I'm not saying that what she did was right.
Why does reading this sentence make me think of Obama?
I'm going to the beach. What about you?
This book is worth reading.
Today is the last day of our vacation.
You never listen. Talking to you is like talking to a wall.
What is the title of the book?
Raise your hands.
I'm not as optimistic as you.
This is a stupid design.
She used to be a part time chef, then she became full time.
There used to be big trees around the pond.
The number of people suffering from heart disease has increased.
Do you speak English?
I study Spanish.
Are you for or against his idea?
I am staying with a friend.
I'm very busy these days!
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
I'm eating rice now.
I still don't know your name.
I wanted to surprise her.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
We'll get a phone call from him tonight for sure.
Each member has to pay ten thousand yen every month.
What's worrying you?
I'm wondering what to cook for dinner.
Tom speaks Japanese fluently.
One out of three persons in this city has his own car.
Seashells were the legal tender in the Shang dynasty.
He's rich, but he isn't happy.
I'm eating my fill before I go.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
Please send me your photo.
Stand the ladder against the wall.
May I play the piano?
I don't know and neither does he.
This medicine will do you good.
How can you be so cruel?
What a pity!
That is the answer.
What do you want for breakfast?
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.
Tom likes to play in the dirt.
What is the population of Japan?
I had already left before you returned.
A great responsibility lies on his shoulders.
Say it clearly.
This textbook is good.
The sky has gradually clouded over.
Helen is very worried about her daughter.
She'll be getting married next year.
I am halfway through this detective story.
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
My boss is keeping me pretty busy.
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss.
Everybody knows that I don't like Tom.
The skies are clear.
I hate fish.
Why don't you ever cook?
My brother is a college student.
Dinner will be ready soon.
He visited many countries in Asia.
Is there anything else you want to say?
The town was full of activity.
Why did you open the box?
He was able to do everything at will.
Suddenly, the light went out.
It is not easy to speak English.
This cake is delicious. Please have some.
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
I don't want to go.
Tom admitted to killing Mary.
At times the train doesn't arrive on time.
I don't like Alice.
Your conduct is perfectly legal.
She asked him if he was a student at this school.
You should go home now.
Just as if that was proof that that was correct English.
Are there problems at home?
I got this CD player for free.
He took me to the station.
I've never seen him wearing jeans.
He is very fond of music.
The chicken is undercooked.
I'm captivated by the challenges of translation.
I've got nothing to do, so I'm writing some sentences for other people to learn.
Are you sleeping?
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war.
I love her, but she loves someone else.
Lunch will be ready soon.
What did she ask you for?
She is certainly a career woman.
Didn't you see the man?
Which painting is small?
Don't come and mess around!
Let well alone.
As was the custom in those days, he married young.
Just do it!
I know that Tom knows that Mary probably won't want to do that anymore.
Tom is a good cook.
I know nothing about this project.
Where's the nearest drugstore?
How much is that?
We need to buy vinegar.
I don't like books with more than five hundred pages.
It's a little big.
Yesterday's weather wasn't very good.
We took turns driving the car.
I don't know whether to cry or to laugh.
Is it OK if I go home now?
The stone is heavy.
I don't know what that looks like.
Is it all there?
This factory manufactures automobile parts.
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
We come from Germany.
Stop rambling on!
She was holding an umbrella.
I'm tired of working a nine-to-five job.
No one loves him.
You can take today off.
I do not like to make mistakes.
Everyone agrees to stay here for the night and make long-term itinerary decisions tomorrow.
Hands off.
The United States' Civil War lasted four years.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
Please tell me when to go.
What do you think?
Hey, can you turn the lights off?
Where are you off to?
Tom isn't satisfied with the result.
My mother is busy cooking supper.
He has three elder sisters.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
Who is your favorite photographer?
Do you study at a private school?
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
I want a boyfriend.
I should've asked.
"Are you students?" "Yes, we are."
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
What do you make of his attitude towards us these days?
He's going to have a heart attack.
I will never know the reason why he lied to me.
Despite being rich, he is not happy.
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
I've just started playing tennis.
Nobody was paying attention to her.
This fishbowl life is all I need.
All those in favor held up their hands.
There's a huge number of people there.
Is this your bicycle?
He's three now.
We had some chicken soup.
My father and I nursed my sister back to health after her accident.
I'll call for you at three.
Hurry up! I can't wait any longer.
Shakespeare is too hard to read.
She lived alone after her husband died.
You must've been asleep.
Is there a bus stop nearby?
He is a great scientist.
We haven't contacted each other for quite a while. I am very happy to write to you.
When I called on him, he was hard at work.
I think we're in trouble.
That fish lives in fresh water.
My Spanish dictionary says not to use the word "desgraciado" in Ecuador.
Germany is to ban employers from snooping on Facebook.
I tried to hit Tom, but he ducked.
He looks like his father.
I am a cat. I don't have a name yet.
Acid rain is not a natural phenomenon.
It is too hot to stay here.
Have you been busy since yesterday?
You should beware of overconfidence.
His words convey nothing at all to me.
Sweet dreams!
Tom and Frank are good friends.
He put forward a new theory.
She doesn't know anything about me.
She was not in the mood for lunch.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji.
I belong to the swimming club.
He stole my watch.
Because you smell bad, that's why.
I run as fast as Jim.
What is in the drawer?
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a human face.
I have to find my key.
This is a picture of my mother.
He only had 100 dollars.
They are breaking down the wall.
I hope that you will like it.
Pretty good. Did you go to today's history seminar?
But I have no money.
He left ten minutes ago.
But the butcher is observing the holiday today, there's nothing we can do about it.
He is very influential in the world of medicine.
His face turned white.
It is inefficient of you.
Before welcoming a beautiful tomorrow, every rich man will ensure that he gets sufficient rest!
You can help me make some rules for everyone to follow.
He grew a beard to look more mature.
Tom's answer was very evasive.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.
Miyazaki is not what it used to be.
My friends call me Beth.
He takes a bath each morning.
The buses left one after another.
This is a well-written article.
Why did he live in the United States?
They are all there.
Science begins when you ask why and how.
What are your plans for tonight?
I gave up all hope of survival.
Tom's house has three rooms.
Sami decided to quit smoking weed.
She is everything to him.
She knows neither me nor you.
Is there something you haven't told me?
Everyone was surprised.
It's spring.
He went out in spite of the storm.
Do you like to send it by air mail or by surface mail?
His nose looks like a potato.
I thought that you said that Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
Do you really want to see a French film?
He has a son and two daughters.
Here is your book.
It is ten minutes to eleven.
We had a stopover in Chicago.
What did you find?
I don't have time to read.
I love dancing.
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.
A baseball came flying through the window.
We want to modify the regulations of our school.
I approved it.
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents.
I use Firefox.
The company went bankrupt.
He made an important discovery.
She looked a little sad.
I am as I am.
You should make notes.
Tom is dreaming.
The father is always uncertain.
Is it true that Tom can't read or write?
Tom wanted to see Mary.
In our society we find men of integrity along with crooks.
That toy is made of wood.
My father runs a restaurant.
Tom says that he's willing to help.
Children often wet their beds at night.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
You have a big nose.
He made up his mind right away.
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
Lucy cannot use chopsticks.
If you should need any help, just let me know.
You ought to finish your homework at once.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
I'll be back late.
The taste of wine is largely dependent upon the weather.
She won many competitions.
Could you please tell me how to get to the station?
I play the violin.
Why do you learn German?
Why don't you come dancing with me?
The difference between Earth and the other planets is that Earth has water.
I'm counting how many people there are.
Like father, like son.
Be fair.
We took a taxi so as to reach there on time.
Brown is not Tom's natural hair color.
He became angry.
I slept before my father came home.
There wasn't a soul in sight.
I bought this camera yesterday.
The rain prevented me from going.
Do I sound like an idiot if I talk like this?
We should stop seeing each other.
This time Bob is likely to win.
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.
He admitted his mistakes.
She was in a hurry.
She scolded her son for being lazy.
You can't count on their help.
Tom loves hockey.
He disclosed my secret.
Where did you get your camera repaired?
I handed Tom the map.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with her.
Can he speak French?
No matter what you do, don't laugh!
How are you feeling?
We want to give special thanks to Tom.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
I'm not lazy.
Instead of drinking cola, why not drink champagne?
Please bring us two cups of coffee.
I don't need your pity.
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
How do I get to the police?
The skin of nectarines is slippery.
I am in Rome now.
The reservation is already made.
I want to have a picnic.
My school is to the left of my house.
The bell rings at eight.
This is our only chance.
Have you finished your coffee?
I made an appointment to see him at seven o'clock.
He's a fisher.
Would you care for more coffee?
If you want to sell your old sofa, why not put an advertisement in the local paper?
Mary said that she was confused.
I don't really use Facebook that much.
He eats.
Language is wonderful.
Tom found me a taxi.
The news of his death spread around.
He wants to work in China for two years.
Was the baby crying then?
I think I've told you.
I lent Tom and Paula my camera.
He truly loves me.
This rule allows no exception.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anybody.
They freed the prisoner.
I am thinking about that matter.
I'm good, you're better, she's the best.
Tom is as tall as Jack.
My roommate is so disgusting.
What are you looking at, little one?
My neighbor's a real mysophobe.
I should have chosen a shorter username.
She cooked the dinner herself.
I wish Tom would just go away.
Astronomy deals with the stars and planets.
Excuse me for interrupting you.
What is important is not what you do, but the way you do it.
He went away without saying a word.
Time to go to bed.
My brother is good at mathematics.
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.
You run.
Love is never wasted.
Your hair's beautiful.
Don't shout.
Move the chair nearer to the desk.
Bees feed on nectar.
Do you think Tom might do that?
I forgot to give him the message.
I had a hard day.
She's learning Chinese, too.
The boy doesn't know how to behave.
I have to say this.
We think of Tom as an honest man.
You'll be able to drive a car in a few days.
If there's a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
Tom ran to his room and hid under the bed.
Why doesn't he tell me jokes anymore?
This television set is heavy.
That boy is intelligent.
It's in times like these that the character of a person becomes apparent.
I think it's true.
Didn't you hear her speaking French?
Young as he is, he is a good doctor.
He is not an American but a Frenchman.
She closed her umbrella and started running.
He slowly got used to the dark.
Can I make a reservation for golf?
I want to quickly confirm my flight again.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say that?
She doesn't like oral sex.
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.
After all she did not come.
Is she Japanese?
We will play soccer after school.
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind.
Tom isn't afraid of Mary.
His joke killed me.
If he were here, he would visit us.
I spilled jam on the electric outlet and there was a short circuit.
I didn't understand what you said.
When did you meet her?
Can I get my money back?
I'm aware of that.
There's nobody in the classroom.
Akira is good at playing tennis.
She's eating an apple.
Tell me the correct answer.
The airplane landed at Narita Airport.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
Not only does he like music, he also likes sports.
How many jobs can you do at once?
The father is very healthy.
Do you guys go to the same school?
There are many countries and many cultures on Earth.
I have a hangover.
Do you like to cook Japanese foods?
Why did you come home so late?
They never admit their own mistakes.
Seven minus two is five.
I started thinking about Tom.
I became aware of someone looking at me.
I study.
How many times a day do you look at yourself in the mirror?
I'm really happy to have met you.
In this city finding a taxi is complicated.
I'm from Rome.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
A small European shop opened inside. The ambience is great!
Work hard so that you may earn your living.
If you have not paid because you are displeased with something we have done, would you tell us what it is?
I have to take the book back to the library today.
Please drive the car more slowly.
Give me a piece of chalk.
Do you think that I don't know what I'm doing?
You don't have to do it immediately.
The library is closed on Sundays.
Minghui is my colleague.
I like playing tennis.
His wife comes from California.
Did you have a good time on your trip to London?
I didn't have time to take a shower today.
Everything went smoothly.
Paper catches fire easily.
I am a translator.
I want this camera.
I want you to meet my parents.
I think the rumor is true.
The temperature of the human body hovers around 37°C.
She is smart, isn't she?
I couldn't help you.
I am Teochew.
He made a robot.
I live in a haunted house.
Ken will be fifteen next year.
Suddenly, this mouse stopped working.
Thomas, make some effort!
Do you have any idea how hard I've studied to become a doctor?
Those old laws were all done away with.
Look at the sky.
We love Tom.
What Tom said doesn't apply in this situation.
What's Tom reading?
These scissors don't cut well.
Birds have wings.
She was accepted by Harvard.
Here is your menu.
I'm too tired to walk any more.
He was killed by a single bullet.
We have less snow than usual.
He tried to sleep on the floor.
I don't think that I ordered that.
When Xueyou came to see Teacher Lin, it was raining outside.
The river's on the other side of the hill.
Do you agree?
I'll square things with you later.
Tom wrote that song three years ago.
I am very tired.
That isn't their fault.
Tom thinks he's related to me.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Algeria is still poor.
When did you graduate from high school?
Who's your favorite female rapper?
I want you to read this letter.
I differ from you on that point.
Swimming strengthens the legs.
What kind of book do you want?
It's such a pain in the ass.
I can't bring myself to eat anything.
I was terrified.
If I understood you right you want to break up with me!
My monkey ran away!
I've decided to stop wearing underwear.
I usually got to bed about eleven.
We have no proof.
What's her job?
He deceased yesterday.
Life is only a dream.
This booklet is free of charge.
My car is not brown.
Who will provide capital for the venture?
What part of Spain are you from?
I want a dozen cream puffs.
He returned from China.
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
Many students bought the book.
The Federal Republic of Germany was established in 1949.
She has two cats. One is white and the other one is black.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
I forgot to call him today.
This house is mine.
In a way you're right, but I still have doubts.
It's clear that you're wrong.
Please send us more information.
According to the weather report, tomorrow will be a fine day.
What about having fish for dinner?
Are you sure Tom is in Australia now?
This is a very beautiful flower.
It's self-evident.
How can he deny God's existence?
Winter in New York can be very cold.
I work for a shipping company.
She is looking for her car keys.
That's the reality.
She hurried to the station so that she wouldn't miss the train.
Your opinion is similar to mine.
He's sharp-witted.
Through this match, I realized my inadequacies.
You will not be able to catch the train.
Take your time, no rush.
I remember returning the book to the library.
He'll be glad to see you.
She became rich by virtue of hard work and good business sense.
I still owe my brother the ten dollars that he lent me last week.
He walked in the park yesterday.
You're a reporter.
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.
He asked me if I like maths.
I was a fool to have tried explaining something to you that I don't understand myself.
We just need water.
Please wait one meter away.
Would you please take my picture?
He comes from France.
I can't bear to deal with her anymore.
I am not old.
I still haven't eaten.
You're an optimist.
The girl has no mother.
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood.
I used to be a forest ranger.
I cannot leave. It's too early.
Goodbyes are always sad.
Her dress is not to my taste.
I often played baseball when I was young.
Here are some interesting links.
Your composition has a few mistakes.
The magician had the children's attention.
Please contact us.
Can you play the piano?
I telephoned her at once.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
I know this hasn't been easy for you.
I don't know what you mean.
Lisa speaks not only English but also French.
He's an interpreter in an international bank.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
Why are you so good at cooking?
I love parties.
How long will this rope hold?
I know very little about Tom.
I think you'll find him.
How much is this umbrella?
He hasn't got a mobile phone.
I prefer Noh to Kabuki because I find the former to be more elegant than the latter.
I'll meet to you at eight.
Mary wants a dozen eggs.
This just doesn't add up!
If I had the money, I would buy a new house.
The boy I love doesn't love me.
The twins are indistinguishable from each other.
I went to every modern art show that took place in Tokyo last year.
I've got no friends.
My boyfriend and I had sex on the first date.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
This is an automated payphone; you use it by inserting a coin.
Where is the kitchen?
I was born in Moscow.
Man is business difficult!
Tom said that he's really glad he could do that.
He adhered to the original plan.
She is with her parents.
We would like to go shopping in the streets in the afternoon.
Look at that smoke. That building must be on fire.
I think this book is easy.
She helped an old man across the street.
I can't take my eyes off her.
Who loved who?
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He also didn't pass the re-exam.
I can't read such a thick book in a week.
Now that's right.
Dad's working.
Even superheroes need an occasional break.
These are fresh.
I know I heard something.
I'd rather stay home than go fishing.
Other people can think what they want, as long as they think like I do.
This car is the latest model.
I'm really jealous of your life right now.
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.
I don't know anyone who meets that description.
Tom said that Mary likes to drive.
You shouldn't eat here.
You have no need to be ashamed.
Are you lost?
I don't know his last name.
Does anybody know him?
Is she correct?
Would you mind if I used your car?
What about me?
Tom is now living in Boston.
Tom and Mary are still figuring it out.
I am finding it very difficult to believe.
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.
When we looked down, we saw a concrete jungle.
When did you learn of Mary's divorce?
I opened the trunk.
She got over the shock of her father's death.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
Can we meet tomorrow?
There has been a lot of stress at work lately.
I will collect it next Monday.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
I will tell her what to say at the meeting.
Both girls have blue eyes.
Tom might've missed the last train.
She bought a pair of black fishnet stockings.
Would you mind coming with me?
Would you mind me smoking here?
This photo takes me back to my childhood.
The temperature at the North Pole is different from at the South Pole.
Many important historical events took place 7000 years B.C.
I thought you said you wouldn't be coming to school today.
Life without love is just totally pointless.
The burglar gained access to the house through this door.
This job calls for practice.
I'd like to talk to Tom alone.
Whose dictionary is this?
Tom is a strong guy.
My birthday is on March 22.
It's really unfortunate. You don't understand at all its essence.
I was so excited that I could not fall asleep.
Tom speaks three languages.
How about adding a little bit more salt?
There was an earthquake this morning.
When you have finished reading this letter, burn it.
It's safe to say so.
He has a lot of original ideas.
I owe him $100.
Did she show you the picture?
Where is your phone?
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Tom just doesn't understand.
I'll remind you.
I found the bed quite comfortable.
You thought it was Tom who did that, didn't you?
Her diligence is a good example to us all.
None of your business.
It won't be a big deal if you put off buying it for a day!
There was a great variety of dishes on the menu.
I've never been on a ship.
I came to Japan from China.
Let's turn back.
Grab that.
I love mother nature.
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
Have you arrived at a decision yet?
Did you see a doctor?
I can't look at this painting without thinking of my mom.
Listen quietly!
My favorite word in German is the word for "glove".
Tom's not a vegan.
I'm going to stop trying to be friendly with you.
No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
He is unfortunate.
Tom looked a little frightened.
The authorities disclosed little useful information about the spread of COVID-19 at the beginning of the outbreak.
I met a Smith at the party.
He is below contempt.
Tom is only pretending he's not interested.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
My father works for a power company.
We'll have lived here for two years next April.
He left the office in great haste.
I am not homesick.
The bags from this brand are too expensive.
Turkey has blocked access to Twitter.
She is wearing gorgeous silk clothes.
The weeds have completely overtaken the garden bed.
I shall never forget your kindness.
I used to eat pizza, but now I don't.
The sun appeared on the horizon.
Our music teacher advised me to visit Vienna.
What are you up to these days?
Even smart people are sometimes absent-minded.
I wish I could swim.
None of my friends drink coffee.
My class tomorrow is very early in the day.
There's no time to explain.
I feel smart... Pity... It's just a feeling...
Do you want to speak to Tom?
Good thinking!
No one believed me.
What time do you go to work?
I refuse to be taken in by her guile.
I was bitten by a mosquito.
I was happy to see her.
When you're done with the book, put it back where you found it.
Her girlfriend is completely flat-chested.
Is Tom a little drunk?
Give me your opinion, please.
Are you vegetarian or vegan?
It's possible that you don't know this.
You're cuter than Mary.
No thanks, I'm pregnant.
I drank a cup of water.
You're mine.
How long did it take you to translate this book?
I would like to brush up my English.
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure.
I want to eat warm soup.
Mary has an interest in Japanese language and history.
He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
The more he flatters, the less I like him.
I know her sister.
To my astonishment, my money was gone.
They'll understand that.
George works on a big farm.
Give me some water, be so kind.
You are free to do as you please with your money.
I'm left-handed.
My father and I go fishing from time to time.
Try to explain this.
I usually go to bed before ten.
All my homework is done.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
Freedom is not free.
I had a flu shot.
Who and who are classmates?
Not everyone seems to agree with Tom.
I went there yesterday.
Aren't you going to the cinema?
Italian isn't difficult.
They're not afraid of hard work.
Which film do you like most?
When children play Go, they use a 5-by-5 or 7-by-7 board.
This is a dangerous mission.
I will write to you soon.
I haven't seen him for a long time.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
In the end, we reached a compromise.
She folded the quilt.
The people here are used to the cold.
I laughed.
The flow of the water was strong enough to wash away the bridge.
I am a woman.
Are you angry?
Do you study?
He lost his movie ticket.
Mario finished walking along the Great Wall of China in five days.
With all the talent he has, he never makes any effort.
She is a very poor driver.
Tom and Mary were alone.
I go shopping every morning.
You're partially correct.
My mother prefers the arbitrary selection of the lottery machines over my lucky numbers.
She hated him so much.
People from the so-called first world look at us Latinos as if we hadn't invented the wheel yet.
You better think of another way.
She is an industrial designer.
The fire alarm sounded.
Our school library is small, but new.
There is no way of knowing where he is.
I broke a nail.
My pet is sick.
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
Can I eat my lunch here?
Welcome!
I'm working in Tokyo now.
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
We must destroy the evidence.
My father can speak English well.
You need to have quick reactions to play these computer games.
All he thinks about is himself.
Many famous philosophers and poets come from Athens.
Modern ships only need a small crew.
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
I am busy cooking at the moment.
Stick a notice on the board.
You don't scare us.
Don't mind me.
He insured himself.
The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.
He has impeccable manners, which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks!
Don't drink beer before going to bed!
Who threw a stone at my dog?
I can't believe my eyes.
These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
His laziness is a bad sign for the future.
I'd like something to eat.
Do you like cats?
I've memorized the model number of the charger.
I'm humble.
Aren't you cold?
I lost my job and I have no money. I'm at my wit's end.
I'm 32 years old.
Tom is playing outdoors.
It is difficult to satisfy everyone.
Beethoven goes to the piano, sits down at it, and begins to play.
I will badly miss you if you leave Japan.
He got a better score than us.
This kind of medicine can temporarily alleviate pain. If you need it, just take it.
The window overlooks the courtyard.
I'll never stop.
What time can we swim until?
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship.
I hope you will call again.
Tom said that he didn't want to waste time arguing.
It seems as if I'm the only person here capable of doing it.
I see dead people.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
I visited him a week ago today.
Don't ask, and I won't lie.
They are the only students who study Chinese.
A mile is about 1,600 meters.
Tell them I don't drink.
I'm two years younger than Tom.
Long time no see!
Mary loses her temper easily.
Let us tell you everything we know.
He must finish his homework today.
What's your favourite fast-food restaurant?
The door was kicked open.
I don't think that it's a good decision.
The Colombian government demanded more money.
If you like it, just buy it.
What's that?
She has no less than ten children.
The papers blew off.
Am I really ill?
All right.
You have a visitor.
I really agree with you.
Do you remember the day that we met?
A winter sport that many people enjoy is ice skating.
Tom doesn't need our help anymore.
They're all college students.
Don't worry. I'll protect you.
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
This watch is shock-proof.
The problem is that you are too young.
The teacher let the boy go home.
No wonder we associate bats with dark places.
Do not touch the exhibits.
The result is opposite to what we expected.
Sami was speaking to Layla's killer.
He was seen to go upstairs.
Do you have a Facebook account?
I only got to the station after the train had left.
How about some Spanish food?
Can I try on this jacket?
Jump.
I'm not that kind of person.
Have you got walking shoes?
Tom came on Monday and went back home the following day.
Could you tell me where Tom is?
I think I'll stay.
Xiaoding asked Teacher Lin while holding a picture: "Is this picture of you taken in the Beijing University Library?"
Being rich isn't enough.
The teacher cannot have said such a thing.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
I'm crazy about you.
She is fond of playing tennis.
Kill Tom.
Who came?
This is the house of Mary, her brother and their parents.
The door opened and she came in.
I have no way of knowing that.
Coffee does not arouse my interest.
He's a secondary school pupil.
Go forward, then turn right, go through the traffic light, and you're there.
He's the tallest amongst the boys.
What happened between you and Tom?
Hesai and who, are classmates?
We are all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
She has large breasts.
Don't try to change the subject.
Onwards, to glory!
I have nothing to complain about.
I paid him a visit yesterday.
Stick it on later.
Today I feel better than I did yesterday.
I should cancel my L.A. trip.
Much depends upon the result.
She doesn't have any friends.
I don't care all that much.
My pulse is fast.
Tom wanted Mary to go home.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
Tom drove the car.
Do you speak Italian?
Nobody can help me.
How many chairs do you have around your table?
He had a book in his hand.
I phoned my son before boarding the plane, telling him to come to the airport to pick me up.
Hi, everybody!
I encouraged Tom to study harder.
I have ten more pens than you.
We're going out for dumplings in the evening, all right?
Where do you suppose you'll spend your vacation?
I haven't eaten anything yet today.
We're boys.
There's a big fly on the ceiling.
I made him carry the suitcase.
How much is your monthly gas bill?
I am always at home on Sundays.
The policeman caught the thief.
I don't play internet games.
My grandfather cannot walk without a stick.
Sorry. The train was late.
She had a new dress made.
Sami and Layla have a long conversation to finish.
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor.
Can they finish this before the deadline?
Don't sit on the floor.
The story of Tom and Mary is very interesting.
We agree.
Mary set the basket on the table.
Turn up the radio. I can't hear it.
Please lend me your knife.
I objected to his paying the bill.
Who am I? I am a poet. What do I do? I write. How do I live? I just live.
Self-help is the best help.
You look really pale. Are you all right?
Don't play dumb.
Those who are defeated are always wrong. History only remembers their failure.
He eats non-stop.
There are no clean plates.
You people are no fun at all.
I caught him stealing the camera.
I haven't seen her since last month.
My father has lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
Mother is never impatient with us.
We have seen a good movie.
It's best to go to the dentist at regular intervals.
Tom is as tall as Jim.
I don't like dogs.
The bedrooms are upstairs.
I don't speak German.
What would you do if you had ten thousand dollars?
Mayuko goes to school by bicycle.
I'm sick, and it's miserable!
This meat is chicken.
What's the weather like there?
Give me my beer.
The bride seems to be very pretty.
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.
I'm on my way back to Boston.
It only costs $10.00!
String is sold by the metre.
I am still waiting to be told what happened.
I'm tired of watching television.
A person's happiness does not come from owning a lot, but from caring about little.
I need a passport photo.
What vegetable do you like best?
I'd like to have a word with you.
Would you like another apple?
You need to shed some pounds.
Brian is holding Kate's hands.
Tom was driving too fast on the bend and ended up in the ditch.
She traveled round Japan.
I'm to blame.
He's always so busy.
Do you need help carrying anything?
Tom needed treatment.
He lived in Matsue for seven years.
Do you know who killed them?
I'm not lying. I swear to God!
Please tell John that I called.
Let's pray.
I avoid discussing personal subjects with my boss.
Are you looking for something?
I believe in ghosts.
Basho was the greatest poet.
I am a serious clerk, and at home, I am a good wife and mother.
Of course, I told her.
I just thought I should double check.
I've bought a really good camera.
She lied about being pregnant.
I'm in marketing.
He speaks as if he had read the book before.
I feel like she has misunderstood me.
He may be clever, but he is not very helpful.
Sorry to have kept you waiting.
Tom lives near me.
Smokers are far more likely to develop lung cancer than non-smokers are.
Tom and Mary went into the forest to collect mushrooms.
I want to go with a friend to Hokkaido next month.
Do you often come here?
I bought an ancient lamp.
Can't you just picture Ed in woman's disguise?
"Where do you live?" "I live in Tokyo."
He didn't give me anything to eat.
He failed to follow our advice.
Mary is German.
His illness caused her great misery.
Nobody would've gotten hurt if we'd been more careful.
Did you make this doll by yourself?
You should eat more fruit.
He did it for money.
There are many ships in the harbor.
I saw him enter the room.
They have been here for an hour.
Thank you just the same.
Are there many flowers in the garden?
I wish you had told me this earlier.
You needn't have taken an umbrella with you.
George is five years senior to me.
Help her!
I don't go on QQ very often.
What time was it when you entered the building?
I am sorry to have kept you waiting.
Tom has lived in Boston for over a year.
She has to make her own decisions.
After three hours of discussion we got nowhere.
Who is the secretary?
Do you have today's tickets?
I tried in vain to deal with the problem.
In that case we should start by having a family meeting.
I, too, like literature very much.
I'm not afraid to die.
We could not tell the twins one from the other.
Could I borrow a pencil?
I love linguistics!
Water turns into steam when it is boiled.
Taro drew 10,000 yen from the bank.
He was the first to help her.
Once the chemical plant caught fire, it exploded.
I love you, sweetheart.
I was surprised at the news.
The student speaks English a little.
Put in a little more sugar.
The moment she saw me, she burst out crying.
Tom was able to solve the problem by himself.
He takes a walk every morning.
Tom looks quite happy.
I am looking for a native speaker who can correct this paper for me.
The blueberry cake he made was delicious.
He would not raise my salary.
I'll ring you up tonight.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burn down.
There is a man at the door who wants to see you.
She is sensitive to the heat.
Yesterday, the weather was very nice.
Hanfu is the traditional clothing used by the ethnic Han of China, before the Qing dynasty.
My brother wants to study abroad.
He seldom gives his wife presents.
Mary said you stole her car.
Tom laughed for no reason.
Pinocchio, apologize for that, or look out!
Tom is handicapped.
I don't believe that ghosts exist.
They warned the ship about the danger.
I will take that as a compliment.
I don't remember anything about the incident.
This room is cramped.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
His son died from cancer at a young age.
Only you answered the question.
The world's population tends to increase.
You have to study hard to catch up with your class.
I don't know what Tom saw.
He made the most of his opportunities.
What a big storm!
Get out! Don't play here!
I'm just trying to live a happy life, that's all.
Where is the Mexican embassy?
I have no idea who she is.
It's a pity that you can't come.
I can love.
Where would you like to go watch?
People can't live forever.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
I rarely go to the movies.
Wood burns easily.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
What's your advice?
He is fluent in French.
She's got some guts, hasn't she?
In the United States, cars drive on the right‐hand side of the road.
I go to bed at eleven.
Singapore is called "Xīnjiāpō" in Chinese.
Mary says she understands why Tom wants to do that.
I saw him swim across the river.
Are my socks dry already?
French is their mother tongue.
I got up earlier than usual in order to catch the first train.
I prefer tea to coffee.
This is what he said.
I offered it to them.
She is overly competitive.
Did you go to the doctor?
They're fake.
Tom is shy and cowardly.
This is really terrible.
I'm very fat.
What do you recommend?
I want to share it with you.
Man consists of soul and body.
What must you do now?
I'll arrange for someone to pick you up at your home.
Help yourself to anything you'd like to eat.
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students.
There are many old temples in Kyoto.
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples.
Are you going out tomorrow?
I don't think Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
She gave up everything for her children.
No one can deprive of your human rights.
I'll get you some coffee.
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
Can you see?
Think before you act!
I can't ask him to do that.
Tom is full.
Your bag's open.
I didn't go to school because I was sick.
He's learning to drive.
It's not a good idea to stay up at night for so long.
He earned his living as a teacher.
Neither Tom nor Mary will do that.
I don't care if it snows.
All the students applaud.
Tom didn't wash his hair.
Pardon me, but that's my racket.
If I had eaten breakfast this morning, I would not be hungry now.
I have an appointment at 8 o'clock.
This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
My bra is dirty.
Try to keep from crying.
Waves crashing against the coast.
Tom says that he can prove that Mary did that.
I'm repeating it for you one last time.
He is not South Korean.
I was laughed at by everyone.
I can't remember which is my racket.
Give it back.
It was very nice seeing you again.
Run faster, or you won't be able to catch the train.
I make it a rule to keep early hours.
He always arrives on time.
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
He has a good school record.
The sun is going down.
I've never played golf.
For the other 600 million people, English is either a second language or a foreign language.
When I met Anka in Bucharest she was studying.
You are only young once.
History is dark.
We are open to all suggestions regarding the new design of the website.
The boat was tied with a short line.
We are against war.
Don't forget your passport.
The post office is half a mile away.
Tom knows you better than he knows anyone else.
Tom jumped up from his chair.
We got lost in the cave.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
I don't give a damn what people think about me.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
Tell me what happened.
She visited her husband in prison.
She is graceful.
The black cat is running fast.
Bill kept on crying for hours.
What were you doing about this time yesterday?
She is Portuguese.
That actually makes a lot of sense.
Her new boyfriend is black.
I played tennis for the first time yesterday.
Give me five days.
He lives nearby to my house.
Scott traded a watch for a book, and then traded the book for money.
Don't eat too much.
Emily goes to school.
When did you immigrate to our country?
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
The man corresponded to the description.
You think too much.
How about tomorrow night at nine?
My father is as busy as ever.
She sat on the bench.
About how long will it take to get there by bus?
He hid himself behind the curtain.
I would buy the car, but I am poor.
It's been a very long time since I saw him last.
Don't begin without me.
A wooden bowl.
A teacher's salary is lower than a lawyer's.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
Not a penny was in his pocket.
Money makes the world go round.
We hold a meeting once a month.
This is easy.
I don't like him much, in fact I hate him.
We suggest raising the fees.
Spring is my favorite season.
Qing Qing, a seven-year-old panda, can even recognise its name.
I lost face.
It is rude to talk when your mouth is full.
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.
A long queue had formed in front of the shop.
It looks suspicious.
What would you like to eat?
Hang on!
Tom wasn't too happy in those days.
Every morning, she helps her mother make breakfast in the kitchen.
You're everything to me.
Tom told me that he won't come to school tomorrow.
He objected to his wife working outside.
We helped them as well.
Did I win?
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
The food looks very delicious.
Her heart flowed with gratitude.
Don't underestimate your own strength.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
I'm going to see Tom in the morning.
He wants you to stay here.
It can only be her.
You can borrow my car anytime.
A good neighbour is better than a faraway friend.
He shook hands with his friend.
It doesn't mean anything!
I have lost my wallet.
The wallet is on the bag.
Tom said he thought Mary was unhappy in Boston.
If only I can go to the concert!
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who can understand binary and those who can't.
Martyna is a native of Wrocław.
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
Having their classroom time extended is a very common occurrence for students.
How do you get to school?
Dear Santa, I want a girlfriend for Christmas.
Don't pull my leg!
Her absence went unnoticed until the end of the meeting.
My father bought me a pair of gloves.
I'm feeling better now, but I know that my father will still be very worried.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
Carefully cut it while holding it in your hands.
The house stands on the hill.
Not complying with the naming conventions will result in parse errors.
I remember you. We met three years ago.
Tom was sick in bed last Sunday.
She finally reached the hotel.
I think it's better not to try it.
The gardener turned out to be the murderer.
Bronisław is eighteen years old.
He went to America to study medicine.
She gave me this compact disc.
That's something to be proud of.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it's also illegal.
I don't have a cat.
Tom doesn't really love Mary.
He's a fast walker.
Lukas was using a stolen credit card.
John is wrestling with Tom.
Masako usually walks to school.
May I see your claim tags?
Where is the judge?
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike.
Follow us.
What's the difference between an eagle-owl and a barn owl?
My cellphone has been stolen.
I always make typos.
I was invited to their wedding.
She spends her free time making dolls.
Tom said that Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom isn't an angel.
No student went to the party.
At the same time, São Paulo is both one of the world's poorest and richest cities.
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
The museum had to close due to lack of finances.
My pillow is waiting for me.
People are not remembered by the number of times they fail but for the number of times they succeed.
John took a walk along the river.
I don't see any difference.
It might rain today.
Society is changing.
Algeria has no glaciers.
Why are you out at this hour?
He will be at home tomorrow.
I heard Tom was captured.
Try it once again.
He heard a shout.
The teacher played music using a recorder.
I'm good at singing.
Tom is British.
Remember to cross your t's.
I have always wanted to try it.
Her father is an excellent pianist.
He is a promising young man.
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to America to study is good for me.
Later he wrote to the president.
How many students are there in your school?
We had an early lunch.
I didn't show those pictures to anybody.
Write it down here, please.
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.
Some beaches had failed to comply with environmental regulations.
He wrote me a letter.
She gives most of her spare time to playing the piano.
I remember having met him in Paris.
I don't like being treated like this.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
You can't raise a cat to be a dog.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
Today we went to the shopping mall. I was very bored.
The secretary responded back to me coldly.
I always have a look at the newspaper before breakfast.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
This rule is so inhumane.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
Yamada is second to none in English in his class.
He lost his ticket for the movie.
Without water, nothing could live on this earth.
You need a car if you live in the suburbs.
I followed the deer's tracks.
Let's take it easy.
Tom's name was on the list.
I'm used to getting up early.
I learn Nahuatl at my school. I'm Mexican.
I really don't know Tom.
Don't you miss anything?
She gave him a slap in the face.
I wonder why I feel so lonely when it gets cold.
You don't need to worry about it.
Do you have Skype?
Let's pretend we're aliens.
I asked each boy three questions.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
How frustrated must a person be to commit suicide?
What'll you have to drink?
It's dangerous to swim in this lake.
Have you had anything to drink tonight?
I would like mine rare.
Where is the problem?
I have no idea of what's going on in there.
Tom and I wrote a book together.
Tom made Jill a new dress.
All people are born equal.
He bought his daughter a dress.
The truth?
This fish is free from poison.
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
We saw them last night.
Well, tell me about it, then!
I'll explain it in detail next week.
Tom knows what we're doing.
The faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
When the phone rang, I was watching TV.
Lake Manicouagan, a ring-shaped lake in Quebec, Canada, is all that remains of a crater from a massive impact over 200 million years ago.
He is reading a book in his room.
She told me she liked my idea.
I've heard it said that there is no way for you to ever reach native proficiency in a language if you haven't started studying it before the age of twelve.
You must not go out after dinner.
We'll be here for three more days.
Are you interested in Japanese music?
She sat next to me.
Someone has stolen my tennis racket.
Do you want all or half of it?
Myths and legends should be handed down from generation to generation.
I am afraid of dentists.
How is your family name written?
Then what?
We watched them play baseball.
High speed trains are common in Europe.
You're such an idiot!
Suck my dick.
I love drinking hot soup.
I feel unwell.
You're turning red.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
The Japanese like to travel in groups.
We may be late for school.
He was very old.
I don't take any responsibility at all.
I doubt that Tom did that intentionally.
I have confidence in you.
How about your father?
Hasn't Kate arrived yet?
Long hair is out of fashion.
The politician pushed for reform by denouncing the corruption of the government officials.
It's rare to find big yards in Japan.
The village has no electricity.
I took a look around.
There you go again.
I am an office worker.
I'm not Chinese.
Silence gives consent.
There is a television in the room.
Yanni watched his favorite TV show.
Would you like another piece of cake?
I would rather you had a day off.
I've only just begun.
I think I'm intelligent.
He was satisfied with the work he had done.
Take control of the command post.
I don't want to go there. He doesn't want to go either.
Where does it hurt?
I'll fight to the death.
I am British.
The majority of his clientele are poor people.
When the goalkeeper touched the ball, the referee awarded the other team a corner kick.
Some say that China was like a Russian colony.
You've got a bit of a fever today, don't you?
There are plenty of examples of people who do these things “excessively”, but no-one says those are “addictions”.
Venus has no moons.
Tom pulled Mary out of the water.
It disappeared.
He didn't give me much advice.
I did not lose my mind, I sold it on eBay.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
How old do you think she is?
I nearly fell off the cliff.
He cannot speak English, much less German.
How much sugar do we need?
Smoking affects your health.
We have your size, but not in that color.
She plays tennis every Sunday.
He pretended to be a doctor.
He has been to France.
He came ten minutes later.
Today is the 3rd.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my book.
I cannot cook as well as my mother does.
Please wait for five minutes.
When I'm away from home, I miss it dearly, but when I am at home, I want to travel.
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
This is a present for you.
Tom hopes you're happy.
Neither of them are pretty.
I met her in London for the first time.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks.
She is a noted singer.
If you run after two hares, you will catch neither.
I don't remember.
Will you stay at home tonight?
Mind your manners.
It was a stormy day, and the snow was falling fast.
Generally speaking, men are physically stronger than women.
You need to seek help.
Tom, can you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Initially we had some problems with our computer system, but they've been sorted out now.
I cannot stomach it.
Sheffield Wednesday is playing their usual long-ball game.
I want to thank him.
But I don't have money.
Tom isn't through yet.
Tom didn't do this.
Too bad.
My boss detained me more than 30 minutes.
Dream on!
Tom said Mary likes to drive.
Speaking.
Mathematics is an easy subject for me.
I was in London last month.
You're really an idiot.
You should've introduced yourself to the girl.
My parents told me that I need to respect old people.
I think you know this young man.
Are you free this afternoon?
I am learning Japanese.
My car was badly damaged in the accident.
Everyone likes Tom.
Did he write it with a pencil?
An angel passed by.
My sister is famous.
Please show your flight ticket and passport.
I have been studying for two hours.
Do you have any smaller sizes?
Do you have enough food?
I'm going to save more money.
There isn't a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn't a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
My blood pressure is low.
Meg found a four leaf clover.
In Chinese, my name means "language".
That country is rich in mineral resources.
I don't think it's possible to finish that amount of work in one day.
What's the reason?
To my surprise, he had a beautiful voice.
She's been in the hospital for a month.
Do you know the Heimlich maneuver?
Despite the fact that he has only just started learning Chinese, he already knows lots of characters.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn't want to get a sunburn.
What do you say we go skiing?
Many students have failed the test.
I was very impressed by his story.
Is a common European identity possible?
A few fragments of dead leaves floated on the pond.
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
Address the matters, and not the people involved.
You should come back immediately.
Get down from there.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
I like them.
It is necessary for you to help her.
I hope I can get my wish fulfilled.
Everybody in the room was stunned by what happened.
That left an impression.
Don't forget to put a stamp on your letter.
I gave my brother a dictionary.
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese.
It is close to eleven. It's about time we went to bed.
I'll have to come here every year.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not to win but to take part, just as the most important thing in life is not the triumph but the struggle. The essential thing is not to have conquered but to have fought well.
Hard work and dedication will bring you success.
I want your opinion.
A student was run over by a car on Basin Street.
I recognized him right away.
The roses in the garden are in flower.
Don't bother me.
I can't tell you any more. I've already said too much.
This chair is really comfortable to sit on.
Can I call you Tom?
I completely forgot it.
They're wrong.
She wears a lot of jewelry.
He contrived a means of speaking to Nancy privately.
They change everything.
I didn't believe them.
This is how he killed the big bear.
This laptop is thin and light.
You're always criticizing me!
You're painting the fence tomorrow.
Do you have a TV?
Kansas is smack dab in the middle of the US.
He can't read French, much less write it.
Nobody knows what will happen in the future.
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last.
I'm tall.
He gave his seat to the old man.
I hurried in order to catch the first train.
He walks quickly.
He always takes sides with her.
Mike is the youngest in his family.
Remember me to your parents.
He got injured in the traffic accident.
The referee, according to principle of advantage, raised his hand and motioned for the advance to continue.
I just had dinner with some of Tom's friends.
How many arms does a squid have?
This is Greek to me.
I arrived at Osaka Station at night.
Kate is the best singer in my class.
I will kill you!
She is wearing the same dress that she had on yesterday.
Our teacher will give us difficult problems.
He rests at home for an hour.
Most insects have six legs and four wings.
What's that bird?
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low, there probably is a twister.
My grandfather takes a walk every morning.
You said Mary was beautiful, but I didn't think she would be this beautiful.
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team.
What nonsense are you talking now?
Tom is really happy.
Have some more.
Let's just have a look first.
Don't you feel hot?
I have been a teacher for 15 years.
Don't leave me by myself!
One day you'll realise how important saving is.
It is foolish of him to pay for it again.
Does love exist?
Mr. Sato practices archery on weekends.
The pitiful sight moved us to tears.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
I don't object to your going out to work, but who will look after the children?
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties.
I feel as if I've woken up from a nightmare.
Whose pencil is this?
We just have enough time to eat breakfast.
Do you want an orange?
I am learning how to dance; I have class once a week.
The whole process will take months.
Sleeping on a carpet is great.
I had another all-nighter.
Is it true Tom wants to paint his house green?
Tom has three cats.
My mobile doesn't have any reception.
What's your impression of the United States?
Release him.
I am not writing a letter.
Could you pass the mashed potatoes to me?
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.
Keep an eye on your bag while walking.
Time's up.
Don't think about it now.
I've known Jim ever since we were children.
Do you want to buy anything?
Is there anything you want that you don't have?
Actually I find it quite romantic.
What fruit do you like the best?
I regret having told you.
Please get me a ticket.
No one supported his motion.
Is it difficult to learn Chinese?
The unemployment rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September of 2015.
She can speak Japanese.
No worries, I will send you to the elevator.
Tom is a financial analyst.
I quite forget your name.
Tom has won.
I feel happy in her firm.
The students' lunch period is from twelve to one.
I've never killed nor injured anyone.
Who will look after your dog?
It is not enough to do good; one must also do it well.
I will take you to a safe place.
This is fucking cool.
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.
Of the two of them, one heads east and one heads west.
You had better do as the doctor advised you.
Is the kid crying?
I want to learn how to play "Go".
It's not going to take long.
I wonder what else Tom wants.
She is not as young as she looks.
His family members are all tall.
Even if it is true, it matters little.
I wonder if a third world war will break out.
A fire broke out last night and three houses were burnt down.
Four hundred million people speak English as their first language.
Do you have a printer?
We should respect our parents.
I haven't found them yet.
She is fond of animals.
What time do you get out of class?
He is a friendly person.
Don't exaggerate.
I think that Tom expects too much from us.
The incident sowed the seeds of the war.
I lost my meal card.
A job that you don't love is... a job.
I hope for Taiwan to be a sovereign democratic country.
I have already had my breakfast.
You can keep this one for yourself.
We don't have any more bread.
I don't believe black cats cause bad luck.
You must pay attention to his advice.
She should have been more careful.
She and I have been married for ten years.
What do you do before breakfast?
Thanks to all the translators!
Your opinion is very constructive.
Tom hates spiders.
Peace talks will begin next week.
They didn't see us.
I met a friend at the airport.
I heard from him.
If someone is indispensable to a company, then that company is not well-organized.
I didn't think that Tom would be so angry.
Got it?
She was different from most women in the neighborhood, for she was able to read and write.
Was I wrong?
He acts according to my advice.
Switzerland needs better apples.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
I really don't remember.
With a glance of her, he left swiftly.
I want to play.
Tom could be Canadian.
I play football.
We discussed a wide range of topics.
It was time to leave.
Christmas is soon.
The weather is just perfect.
He won't be easily discouraged, because he's a tough guy.
I washed the dishes after supper.
Shouldn't you be at school today?
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
I can barely stand his behavior.
Tom doesn't have to thank me.
Their house is being remodeled.
He is going to run for mayor.
Is she home?
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" "Sorry, I'm a stranger here."
Don't try to trick me!
He patted me on the shoulder.
If they could eat in a restaurant every night, they would. They hate cooking.
Tom thanked me for the gift.
There's too much salt in this soup.
She won't hurt you.
Where's my birth certificate?
Who is Emily?
Not wanting is the same as having.
They'll kill you.
How would you like your steak?
Fred left his wife a large fortune.
He said he would run 200 kilometers in a day and he did.
Can you drive a manual transmission?
Wetlands play important roles in the ecosystem in purifying water, protecting against flood and erosion, and as both a source of food and habitat for wild animals.
I think Tom's an idiot.
What does PTA stand for?
Tom is insufferable.
It doesn’t matter what you say, he’ll be acquitted because of depression.
Your grandmother bought a horse.
Wouldn't it be better if we went and got a coffee?
Do you know John?
What do you want to do today?
She has attractive eyes.
What I want isn't tea, but coffee.
I am very busy these days.
She can come along again anytime.
Go around it.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
He sang while working.
New people, new laws.
Mary told me she wasn't discouraged.
Betty killed her mother.
I love to travel abroad.
We've been working on this for five months. Don't fuck it up now.
Information is given in English at every airport.
She passed the exam with ease.
I know those girls.
Sorry, the book is out of stock.
That child resembles his father.
The old man contributed a large sum of money to the poor.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
She had an uncomfortable feeling that while this odd child's body might be there at the table her spirit was far away in some remote airy cloudland, borne aloft on the wings of imagination.
I got it free.
If you went jogging two or three times a week, you could probably lose some weight.
The computer is undoubtedly a valuable tool.
I couldn't understand anything that he said.
He got tired of reading.
Our plans are to advance toward the city.
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
Avoiding a problem isn't going to help you solve it.
Who do you think broke the window?
I like everything you do.
My stomach is full.
Humans can't live without air.
We've already decided.
No, I don't understand.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
Is Tom Canadian?
We named him Thomas after his grandfather.
What in the world are you getting at?
Only when the poor enter the halls of the rich, do the rich notice that the poor exist.
I thought that Tom would buy a new car.
He was fined 10000 yen.
You don't seem to be comfortable. Are you ill?
At night, we usually go bowling.
You're a student.
Because your business can play to my strengths.
My house is close to the park.
Slavery is a crime against humanity.
Are you younger than him?
I can speak English.
He was a man of great ambition.
Let's try doing it this way.
Although the production of electric fans was reduced in February, it still beats January.
I'll get off at the next station.
South Africa is far away.
The word you use depends on your intended meaning.
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight, she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay.
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
Seiko accepted his dinner invitation.
He has German tomorrow.
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.
I stopped smoking and drinking.
What are your reasons for practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
It looks like snow, doesn't it?
I don't blame you.
I am trying to find a new job.
He is able to run faster than I am.
Everyone knows this.
Please give my regards to your family.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow.
They are too numerous to enumerate.
Well, take it.
I haven't seen you for ages. Do you remember when I saw you last?
Now that we've bought new furniture for the room, why not throw away this old, worn-out furniture?
Can you weigh this, please?
We get the materials from Malaysia.
Do you want to leave?
Is the customer always right?
You don't have to raise your voice.
Chin up!
The report proved true as a result of their investigation.
It's too hot.
I made no attempt to make friends with her.
It would've been better if you'd stayed with Tom.
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter.
We have lots of catching up to do.
No friends came.
I need to make a phone call to my friend.
I have a bicycle.
It's very normal.
She's vegetarian, so she ate tofu instead of turkey.
Haven't we met somewhere before?
Tom is very kind.
Bats hunt at night.
Someone has been here.
You won many competitions.
This medicine is very effective.
He cannot buy a car, still less a house.
Some things are better left undone.
She is firmly determined to own a store of her own.
The Earth is our home.
Tom obviously lied.
I want to do it myself.
This hall can hold 5,000 people.
So I'll come see you off.
Tom told me he had a right to see it.
I immediately thought of you!
I live in Canton.
There's no mistake.
Last night there was a full moon.
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.
Modern man has moved far away from God and from nature.
If Tom doesn't surrender, shoot him.
She hopes to become a designer.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
Tom doesn't know how to tie his shoes.
My camera is a Nikon.
I worked from Monday to Friday, from morning to evening.
I got here a little earlier than Tom.
Have you done it?
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
Reluctantly, he started the engine and drove off.
He died yesterday.
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.
Only when the Party Committee Secretary came in person to resolve it was this point of view dispelled entirely.
I want to be more independent.
Oh! That's too bad.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
There's no reason to get angry.
It's my fault.
I suggest you turn around and go back home.
Tom left a note in Mary's locker.
I dare say he is innocent.
Man is a creature of circumstances.
It is too noisy around here; I can't concentrate.
I think this coat should fit you.
Done.
All the world desires peace.
I could have been killed.
You see what I mean?
Me and a few friends are drinking wine.
I don't understand you.
The number of students who were late for school was much smaller than I had expected.
Why did you not go to the office?
Tom started dating Mary three months ago.
To me, she's irreplaceable.
I see that dog almost every day.
Currently, having a hood is part of young people's fashion.
Help me, Tom.
Her voice was quivering with anger.
You look very tired.
Linda stood up to sing.
I already know what you want!
He's watching the Olympics.
Would you please lend me some money?
She pressed her nose against the sheet of glass.
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
At nine in the evening, we visited the Anne Frank House.
Drink and eat.
My father has never been outside the country until now.
Are they both the same?
A plane is flying above the city.
Is your mom Spanish?
She drinks non-alcoholic beer almost every day because beer is her favorite drink, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
Come home before six.
My major is comparative religion.
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight.
Try to have a positive attitude about everything.
It's no use regretting it now.
I don't have anyone who'd travel with me.
There's been some trouble.
There is a library in every city in America.
I was scared all the time.
Is that a picture of me?
I'm poor at drawing.
What's it made from?
This isn't a sentence in Chinese!
I was afraid I might be late.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
It doesn't mean anything.
Could I try this on?
He doesn't come here every day.
My children are twins.
The truck almost hit me.
My goal in life is to be a novelist.
I really love his sister.
He's the one that works hardest in his class.
Wait for her to return then ask her.
A big van appeared on the street corner.
Which one do you think is correct?
I'd like to meet your older sister.
You should apologize.
I guess you want to see the bill.
We got up at dawn to avoid a traffic jam.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
Opinion is divided on this point.
Tom clapped.
I was the one who had to tell Tom.
If it rains tonight, I'm not going to go out.
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.
Try it out yourself.
We can't see them.
Every time I leave, I'm of full the regret that I haven't fully said goodbye.
Japan is a beautiful country.
If you had a time machine, where would you go?
I can't believe anyone anymore.
It looks like Tom has bought a new bicycle.
Perfection isn't good enough.
What a lie!
It's a pity that you can't buy miracles like you would buy potatoes.
There's a train station in Japan where the station master is a cat.
Mr Robinson didn't write the novel.
Who's your favorite actor?
If there's anything you don't understand, then go ask about it.
Nobody understands me.
Tom is Mary's husband, isn't he?
I had two cups of tea.
I wonder when this building was constructed.
In conclusion, the next step is to decide what we should do for the next step.
Ten years ago, our parents died in a car crash.
Flowers and wreaths were laid in front of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.
On the client side, very time-consuming operations should run asynchronously so as to avoid freezing the browser. The best example is the operation of Ajax.
She asked me if I knew his address.
The rear gate was open.
One million people lost their lives in the war.
He couldn't run very fast.
Boundless snow covered all that could be seen.
We like to sing in the rain.
What are you doing today?
It will be able to edit the pictures you don't like, then print them out.
Have you told his mother?
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.
I strolled along the streets to kill time.
Is it a long way to Tallinn?
The sky darkened.
A burglar broke into my house while I was away on a trip.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
We don't have another choice.
Tom gave me a pen.
Oh, you were at the hairdresser's.
I don't like your smile.
Let's talk later.
My father drives a very old car.
If for some reason they come early, please tell them to wait.
The cap is too small for me.
Termites eat wood.
I just couldn't understand why he did that.
He is good at riding a horse.
Where's my husband?
Come down here!
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.
I was hoping to talk to Tom.
I know that you don't want to be lonely.
This is all that I know about him.
I know that Tom is hungry.
They won't tell us anything.
He earns not more than 50 dollars a week.
You look pale. You had better lie down in bed at once.
What is the name of this river?
Cookies may contain nuts or peanuts, even if not included in the ingredient list.
Where's the nearest library?
He slipped me a note.
In IT companies, people who are good at maths are well respected.
My mother never punishes me.
Let's dance to her song.
I need a pencil. Can I take yours?
We are friends.
Over ten thousand messages are sent every second on Facebook.
This isn't my opinion, it's just what I've translated.
I do not know how to read nor write.
He's a friend of my brother's.
I will try not to disturb you while you are studying.
A foreign language cannot be mastered in a year or so.
Is there something you don't eat?
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
This is the office in which he works.
Who is in fault?
Publication of the article was timed to coincide with the professor's birthday.
Take this medicine in case you get sick.
Give us two knives and four forks, please.
That wasn't the main reason why Tom needed to do that.
Many people drift through life without a purpose.
Pretty soon you will stop thinking of her.
What's your opinion on that?
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
They told me it was your fault.
You'd better not have eaten the cake.
Yes, I think so, too.
They're closed today.
This is smaller than that.
It's not possible to do two things at once.
God created the world in six days.
I've decided to keep a diary this year.
I have a new bicycle.
I worked hard in order to support my family.
We saw her off at the airport.
The computer means making the form is easy.
My elder brother finished his homework very quickly.
He came back from China.
Can we still save the world, or is it too late?
The better he knows the language, the less he likes it.
She isn't old enough to get a driver's license.
I learn the language by myself.
Will you wait a moment?
Do you like noodles with beef?
Saturn is the second largest planet in the Solar System.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
He came on the 18th of April.
You farted.
I'm a senior high school student.
It is quiet here at night.
I am disgusted with him.
It's a big world out there, nothing is strange.
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.
I'm sorry I'm late. I couldn't find the bus stop.
Thanks, Tom.
This is old news to me.
It's cold today.
Father gave up cigarettes.
Nowadays, some kindergartens are carrying out bilingual teaching, and so all the children can speak a little English.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
Our cat is fat.
You're not allowed in this room.
He studied hard for fear he should fail.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
The house is burning.
I always have to wear a tie because of my job.
I'm just a plain office worker.
The serpent tempted Eve.
Take a picture with your phone.
He is married with two children.
Not until the following morning did we see land.
He'll do it now.
Before the firemen were able to arrive, both buildings burned down.
It'll be finished in a day or two.
You didn't write anything.
There were few children in the room.
The box is empty.
Let us weigh one catty of cuttlefish.
One lie requires ten more to complete.
The man tried to install his own antenna.
Did you buy some flowers?
Did you decide to go to Japan?
"To hire a good lawyer?" Al-Sayib asked.
I thought that I could be of some help.
It's important to follow a strict diet.
What is she eating?
We thought it dangerous for her to go alone.
The train is 10 minutes late today.
Tom asked Mary to stop the car.
It is only the cat's fault.
She brought cakes that she made herself.
I have often listened to the music.
Spring makes us full of hope about the future.
Are you his mother?
Can you use a computer?
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
A unicycle has one wheel.
I am fighting for my future.
Did you see him go out?
Generally speaking, women live longer than men.
Looks like these so-called painters can't paint anything.
He has contributed to it as well.
I looked for him in the supermarket.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
This car isn't worth repairing.
What is your favorite sentence?
He had no qualms in doing so.
The aggressors are bound to be defeated.
We must respect other people's privacy.
Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know.
An important reason for the fall of the Roman Empire was that they had no zero. So they had no way of demonstrating a successful exit of their C programs.
He asked me if I was happy.
I am your lawyer.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They don't like you.
He got down the book from the shelf.
Give Tom some more time.
Do you have a bird?
I had no choice but to accept the offer.
This is the room where the author killed himself.
The professor teaches Czech.
I promise I'll do it.
I'm the last one who saw Tom.
She disliked him.
I think this machine is in need of repair.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
It's now your turn.
You are going to my home.
Tell her I'm on my way.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
She said that she had been happy.
Boys, as a rule, are taller than girls.
I was born on the twenty-second of June in 1974.
She found her purse under the desk.
To say is one thing, and to do quite another.
The tablecloth is in the cabinet.
The snail drew in its feelers.
No, this is not my car.
I had nothing in common with them.
You don't have to go unless you want to.
You guys need to go brush your teeth!
I'll try harder next time.
The Murais have gone back to Japan?
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
I'm young.
I'm looking for some regular work.
Within hours, the world knew the news.
He came just after you left.
Can you imagine what the 21st century will be like?
If you already know, why are you still asking?
It all makes sense now.
If necessary, I have no objection to paying a special fee.
I can't stand to live alone.
That was one of the best times of my life.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
She knows how to play the guitar.
Don't you have to work?
He's a very good teacher, isn't he?
Yes, it's such a nice evening.
You needn't explain that.
In Italy, they work five days a week.
You have to accustom yourself to the crowded trains in Tokyo.
Except for carrots, there is nothing he won't eat.
The sky is full of dark clouds.
Extreme joy begets sorrow.
Sooner or later he will tell me everything.
If I knew you were sick, I would have gone to the hospital to pay you a visit.
My car is a Toyota.
Some teachers instinctively know how to play “favorites” to manipulate the other students.
I caught the flu.
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
I'm sorry about being late.
Maybe, you can still find your own happiness.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
He tiptoed so no one heard him.
Is Shanghai developing quickly?
Sir, can we quickly inspect your luggage please?
I was very tired, so I fell asleep right away.
We are all single.
You have crossed a line.
He comes from Hangzhou.
My brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
How much is the admission?
Did you listen at all to what I said?
My dog slept in the bed with me.
My little brother and I are the same height.
Where's your date tonight?
Is he Greek?
Tom was the one that told us about the problem.
Don't worry. You'll make it.
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
She looks happy on hearing the news.
How did Barbara do on her driver's test yesterday?
Please submit the homework.
Jesus hates you.
I'm not sure that I can afford it.
We had a lot of visitors yesterday.
What's in Segovia?
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
At one time, people would not have hesitated to light up a cigarette in stations, restaurants, or hospital waiting rooms.
I do not understand these words.
Most large galaxies have a central supermassive black hole.
Your shirt button is coming off.
Tom plays the guitar.
My eyesight is getting worse.
They have watched TV serials this evening.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
I'm back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
Isn't she a doctor?
He decided he would put off his departure.
Jorge is able to speak four languages.
Forget him.
Just give me your name and address.
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
The lion followed the trainer's commands.
You should tell him the truth.
I'll do my homework after I watch television.
Asia is much larger than Australia.
It's getting dark. I wonder if it's going to rain.
Tom and Mary weren't telling us the truth.
Bringing up a baby is hard work.
You can't run away.
A thousand yen will do.
You need to be aggressive.
I come from Italy and I speak Italian.
I want another slice of bread.
Tom is afraid of everyone.
Today the teacher took "Chinese culture" as a topic.
War must be avoided at all costs.
She gets up at seven.
Pick up the phone.
There's something weird happening.
Sami wrote down our names.
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped and it shattered to pieces.
He is hard to deal with.
I can hear you.
There is no cloud in the sky.
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?
Why are you guys afraid of Tom?
This game is based on a novel.
They have no idea what's going on.
Let's have some fun.
I don't think that we've been introduced.
His voice is pleasant to listen to.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help.
Turn off the light.
Faster, Tom.
He'll come with me.
A lot of housewives complain about the high prices of goods.
I'm going to join a demonstration.
He speaks French fluently.
Tom passed away on October 20th, 2013.
What part of Canada are you from?
I hope he will get well soon.
Tom is Mary's former husband.
I don't have any friends to help me.
Mennad did very well on the tests.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
Can I use this dictionary?
Is it next Monday that Tom returns?
She likes oranges, doesn't she?
The novel ends with the heroine's death.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
She went shopping, leaving her little child all alone.
I'll leave this with you.
I usually have a light breakfast.
Can you lend me some money?
Swill the teapot out with water.
Tom is a street performer.
This document was actually written by Tom.
He speaks in a dialect.
What's Tom so afraid of?
I don't have the slightest idea.
It was only a partial success.
It makes me feel sad.
Every morning I make it a rule to watch the English course on TV.
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below, I would be extremely grateful.
That's my hobby.
I saw it.
Jean and Kate are twins.
I am French.
I'm gone.
The police are checking their bags.
Tom turned on the electric fan.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
I cried all night.
When Tom woke up, he found Mary reading a book at the desk.
You mustn't miss seeing this wonderful film.
People's living conditions are getting better and better.
Tom is just a crazy old man.
You need to have friends who can help you out.
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.
I really am sorry.
I sometimes just don't want to get out of bed in the morning.
I couldn't bear to look at her.
I owe her one.
His claim is that there is a close relation between birth order and personality.
Children sometimes lack patience.
Take a short cut.
I'd like to say yes, but...
Why are you arguing with the manager?
Thanks for agreeing to come.
There were several rooms still vacant.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.
He is a kind teacher.
How many worms did you find?
Will he tell me the truth?
Bear his advice in mind.
How could so many people go along with this?
He is likely to be late for school.
This umbrella, whose is it?
Everyone except Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Do you have a red pencil?
Tom made breakfast.
Everyone likes this festival very much.
I remember my mother teaching me the alphabet.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I lol'd.
Steel production will increase 2% this month from last month.
Madeira is the name of a wine.
"Who teaches you English?" "Miss Yamada does."
A fallen tree blocked the path.
It was a national scandal.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
This is a good hospital.
How deep is this hole?
I wonder if he loves me.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
They are talking in the kitchen.
I can't put up with this smell.
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
Summer is always hot and humid.
She is giving a party tonight.
She must have taken the wrong bus.
That mountain is covered with snow.
The thunder scared the children.
What place?
What can I find on this website?
Compare your sentence with the one on the blackboard.
We do not accept tips.
I'm playing in the garden.
She has blonde hair and a slim figure.
I saw a friend.
They drink coke.
Tom lied to Mary.
Fuck off!
Are you planning to help them?
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
There's nothing I like more than swimming.
The company abandoned that project.
I must have forgotten.
How do you say 'lung'?
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
She got up late.
You must be asleep.
Hello all!
Please reconsider.
Tom should work harder.
You need to get out of your comfort zone.
He didn't know he needed glasses.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
When should I start?
We must go to school.
The situation is improving, so cheer up!
He really likes baseball.
I entered the room and shook hands with him.
You stay up until two in the morning. You're such a night owl!
Tom has a small penis.
Tom looked at his reflection in the mirror.
This time it's different.
Having no will is the worst handicap.
I read this book. It was interesting from beginning to end.
Do you remember the night Tom was born?
I talked with Tom.
I'm going to miss that.
This coffee is too strong for me.
I don't feel like waiting any longer.
He's fighting for his life.
As everyone knows, air is a mixture of gases.
Tom went swimming in the river, but when he got out, his clothes had been stolen.
My mother told me to clean the room.
A third of the earth's surface is desert.
My father sometimes goes abroad.
That pencil you're writing with is mine.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
I'm glad Mary isn't my wife.
Some people think that eating grapefruit with every meal will help you lose weight.
I motioned for her to sit down.
Okay, you win.
I learned a lot from his books.
My goddess!
It has been windy for two days.
I understand!
It is difficult to replace an employee that is as qualified as he is.
Let's be realistic.
I can't play tennis that well.
We had a nice time last night.
Tom is almost six feet tall.
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
She's very pretty.
Doctors have discovered some startling facts.
This passport is valid for five years.
I often go to my mother-in-law and father-in-law's house on Sundays to help them do physical work.
Dick promised to come back by three o'clock.
5000 yuan is a lot of money.
The law isn't always fair.
What arrogance!
He is the son of a wealthy family.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
Can you save this seat for me?
She helped me to clear snow away.
In Wales we have a proverb.
When did you last see Tom?
You are in a safe place.
I was happy to see him.
There's more cloud today than yesterday.
Many friends came to see me off.
She fell in love with Charles at first sight.
Tom could have called the police.
Just take my word for it.
Last week I gained another five pounds.
Tom, I want to have a chat with you.
I agree to your plan.
My wife is afraid to drive my new car.
The rest follows naturally.
How many planets are there in the solar system?
Do you plan to do that with Tom?
I had a good dream last night.
I saw a cat running after the dog.
She went out of the room.
How about another round?
She hit him.
This song will do too?
He was standing there with a vacant look.
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
I am completely exhausted.
The dog is sitting by the bowl.
The two men were business partners.
I sprained my finger while playing volleyball.
She used to always stay up late.
It's not legal for people under 20 to drink in Canada.
I once wanted to be an astrophysicist.
He wishes to erase bad memories.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for Tom.
A large army is proudly proceeding.
This rose is very beautiful.
There was no money left in my wallet.
She was married to a rich man.
How much is this handkerchief?
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."
I am full.
What did you do to make Tom cry?
Given good weather, we will reach there tomorrow.
He's the same age as I.
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
It's really not important.
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old.
Will six o'clock suit you?
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
I must help my mother.
I am good friends with Bill.
I got a farewell present from everyone.
He was hit by a car and died instantly.
I'm too tired.
I think we should reduce the price.
Wood burns very easily.
Tom likes tea better than coffee.
Tom suggested that we go to the zoo.
Where will you be this time tomorrow?
He towers above the rest of the class.
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.
Tom denied that he had ever met Mary.
I am sorry for disappointing you.
May I pay with a credit card?
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows.
I will miss you all so much.
The hostages will be released tomorrow.
These must be fake.
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
Our plane arrived at 11 a.m.
Shake my hand.
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
How do you want your hair cut?
Please turn off the television.
He shook his head up and down.
Do you know how to ride a bicycle?
You can come in.
Does Tom have a piano?
He wouldn't be available until four.
I've just come back from the UK.
Bring me a sheet of paper, please.
My father will kill me.
Sami bought weed from Layla.
I don't think John is suited for the job.
Tom was able to go to college thanks to a scholarship.
It didn't actually happen.
This machine was of great use to us all.
Do you speak with an accent?
Needless to say, health is above wealth.
I can't distinguish him from his brother.
The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
My sister likes classical music no less than I do.
He decided to put off his departure.
Could you give me some advice?
What did you answer?
We got lost in the forest.
Because I was afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the complete truth.
She likes to wear dark colours.
It doesn't matter what you do.
But if you're wrong, don't give up. Because you don't know what's going to happen next. Remember, don't give up easily.
I'm sure she has other skills.
We were very sorry that we couldn't help them.
If you don't resolve to become a good man, then you just won't get a good woman.
Are oysters in season now?
That's not important to me.
He stayed there for three days.
Can I ride this horse for a while?
Tom found new evidence.
That's no lie.
My wishes for your father's rapid recovery.
He must succeed to his father's business.
The only thing I want to do is go fishing.
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.
The reason why you failed is you did not try hard enough.
Tom is a friend of my father's.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
I thought I traveled to Japan, but the locals kept telling me I was in Ohio.
Bananas are delicious.
This week the cherry blossoms in the park are in full bloom.
I met your father yesterday.
Tom can't speak French well.
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as "annoying" and "satanic" and compared it with "a stampede of noisy elephants", "a deafening swarm of locusts", "a goat on the way to slaughter", "a giant hive full of very angry bees", and "a duck on speed".
Is this lady a saleswoman?
You have to sweep the floor.
Three cubed is twenty-seven.
Nancy enjoys indoor games.
There is one apple on the desk.
He is having lunch.
I remember giving him the key.
They're arguing again, you know.
I happened to be free last Sunday.
I'm hoping that will happen.
Tom is already here, but Mary hasn't gotten here yet.
He went to the store.
I was late for class this morning.
It is easy for babies to get sick.
She's got a nice ass.
They're at the eatery looking at the menu.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and others are red.
I haven't seen you for a while.
My father became old.
He rang me up at midnight.
Tom doesn't know what it's like to be poor.
I like to run.
They made me go there alone.
We can now say definitely that this hypothesis holds water.
We are doing business with many countries.
Who will win?
Meg bought a can of tomatoes.
Your hair wants cutting.
We talked over the plan with him.
A bird has wings.
Such a ridiculous superstition no longer exists.
That's very cruel.
Hang on till I get to you.
That is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Foxes are so cute!
I can probably give you seven minutes.
You're starting to warm up now.
Remain there and don't move.
He was rigid with terror.
She seeded vegetables in her garden.
I almost always play baseball after school.
Tom told us that he had a headache.
That's company money.
I'd be willing to do that for you.
The red lines on the map represent a railway.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
The Diet will meet on Tuesday.
The reporter criticized the politician.
I wonder what this phrase means.
I'll let you know when I've figured it out.
It seems that you are not having a good time here.
He painted the ceiling blue.
We've already paid.
Please don't take pictures here.
Firstly, let's check the attendance.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
Due to the heavy rain, vegetable prices have risen.
My father can fly an airplane.
We'll find a solution, I'm sure.
His company didn't survive the crisis.
Tom has plenty of friends to help him.
What on earth are you doing in my room?
What did you do then?
I live in Colombia.
I don't want to marry a stupid man!
The driver said that the first bus starts at 6:00 a.m.
Is this blue?
Tom tried to convince Mary to knit him a scarf.
My father is rich.
Pick it up.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
Dad bought me a camera.
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.
People living on coastlines might lose their homes, and cities might be completely submerged.
Tom likes to make paper airplanes.
Tom is reading a book in his room.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
I like eating Kumul melons.
How deep is the hole?
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function.
Make your choice.
Only a fool would do something like that.
Mary told me she couldn't help me.
I had thought that he was a man, but it turned out that he was a woman.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
You can't judge a person based on clothing.
He had an accident on his way home.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
I am content with my job.
They say they won't come back.
Go easy on the beer!
Mary promised that she'd come.
She graduated from Kobe University.
I'll prove it to you.
I cannot afford to buy a car.
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.
Tom got out of the jeep.
The market is big.
He had a second helping of soup.
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.
I kept on singing.
The students are currently on holiday.
You can't depend on Tom.
How important can it be?
He's often mistaken for a student.
Welcome to Berlin.
If he is innocent, it follows that his wife is guilty.
He got a loan from the bank.
The cat is very cute.
We must learn to live in harmony with nature.
You need to get ready.
Can I try this on?
Mom is older than Dad.
Don't fear! This way he certainly won't think that you've brought any contraband, and won't cause a holdup by checking over your luggage.
The solar system is a small celestial system in the Milky Way.
She was sitting in a chair, watching TV.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
There was no choice but to sit and wait.
It is inevitable that I will go to France someday, I just don't know when.
My father has five siblings.
I want to watch this film.
Is there a youth hostel near here?
There are a lot of animals in the park.
I'm going to the bakery now. Do you want anything?
It was a very stupid decision.
This is pure hypocrisy!
They are eating sandwiches.
You are not a good person. You know that, right?
They know nothing about Istanbul.
Tom didn't like spinach when he was a child.
He's much taller than you.
At the end of the ceremony, the new couple kissed.
What's the boarding time?
Tom and Mary are close friends.
I prepared well for this examination.
He was killed by my hand.
Happy Moon Festival!
Which high school are you going to study in?
You can eat the rest of the cake too, if you want.
He barely passed the examination.
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn't sleep after I watched it.
I study French a lot.
I am a fan of pacifism.
He bored us with his long stories.
Winter is coming soon.
I'm sure that he'll succeed.
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.
Not all red apples taste the same.
We are badly in need of food.
There will always be things I will never learn, I don't have eternity before me!
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
It's for you that I have come.
How much will it all cost?
Choose a book carefully.
Humans live in every corner of the world.
I dislike eggs.
What does this pen cost?
You'll forget about me someday.
The source made reference to Kate and the Queen being seen chatting and smiling together last March.
Tom never turned up again.
I do this job not for the money, but rather for my happiness.
Come again any time.
Could I have the check?
"Teacher, would you punish me for something I didn't do?" "No." "I didn't do my homework."
On hearing the news, she fainted.
Without his help, I will fail.
Social security? Who do they think they're kidding.
How's everybody?
Tom is inflating a balloon.
Don't look at me that way.
She is no more than a child.
I have serious doubts about their plans succeeding.
We divided the money between us.
Salas knew him.
Who can tell what will happen in the future?
I want some paper.
It is not easy to write in chalk.
Speak your mind.
Wine is poetry in bottles.
He failed in business.
It was Jack that broke the window yesterday.
Do you know a good restaurant?
There's no toilet paper.
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep, but I have to go to school.
Tell Tom what you heard.
You shouldn't have come alone.
Drop me a line as soon as you get there.
When does the movie start?
If you quit the job, you'll be burning your bridges.
I like winter better than summer.
I wanted to go to the concert.
We're sorry, Ami, but you can't be part of our group because it would... you know... exceed the 5-people-per-group limit.
He tires easily.
Tom ran downstairs.
We have ample time to catch our train.
There is something that I want to tell you.
Tom won't be coming.
I met him on the previous day.
You should have known better than to lend him money.
I trust his executive ability.
I'm a foreigner.
Do you know how to use this camera?
She goes online for several hours every day.
Do you know how to drive?
I don't like soccer, but I like watching it.
I was nearly hit by a car.
You're the most reliable friend I have.
We can't leave him.
Do you want to meet my parents?
We've got to warn Tom.
Tom and I got to know each other in Boston when we were both college students.
Are you able to swim?
It is not a watch.
Are there books on the table?
In order to apply, you have to go in person.
Don't worry, it'll be okay.
What time is it by your watch?
Excuse me, but may I open the window?
Are you for or against the war?
Don't cheat me!
Kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
I couldn't find her.
I'm afraid of dying.
This dictionary has about 40,000 entries.
Do you have a match?
Tom hugged his father.
She likes to go to the library.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
I'm so hungry!
I wonder if he'll come tonight.
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
They're pretty busy themselves.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
I actually ended up walking all the way from Shinjuku Station to Jimbocho yesterday!
I was about to leave when the doorbell rang.
The meaning of a word is determined by the context where it is used.
My wallet has been stolen.
She was planting roses when he came.
Don't make stupid jokes.
I have no idea what to wear.
Time is running out.
The hoarfrost hasn't yet begun to thaw.
Read one sentence each.
Tom is interested in mathematics.
I like shopping in used-book stores and in used-clothing shops.
I have a computer.
We'll talk about it tomorrow.
That accounts for why the door was open.
I can work with anyone.
He traveled on business.
He's not an unreasonable man.
I have been busy since last Sunday.
She may well say so.
He is very angry.
How do you say "I love you" in French?
Whether it's white or black, a cat that chases mice is a good cat.
Tom has many friends.
There is no way of reaching the island other than by boat.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
I've already put Tom to work on it.
There's a spider on the wall.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
Kids are building sand castles on the beach.
I think he won't come.
John gestured angrily.
Is there a museum in this town?
I found this in your desk drawer.
Yutaka has two elder brothers.
Tomorrow afternoon, I will be inside my mom's clothing store.
She's five years younger than I am.
I'm not Italian.
Much ado about nothing.
The Mississippi is the longest river in the United States.
We've found her.
Buying such an expensive car is out of the question.
Muiriel has turned twenty.
I hate her hat.
It turns out that they went to the cinema the day before yesterday.
I guess you're right.
She speaks French.
I will wait here until he comes back.
Sorry, I don't have any change.
I saw it in the newspaper.
Beijing has started to get colder.
She is going to buy something tomorrow, so she is happy.
I've been feeling sick for the past few days.
I just want to rant a little bit.
Do you have walking boots?
I had a horrible dream last night.
She completely cleaned her plate.
They live close by the airport.
Nothing could stop him.
I like the green colour.
He is going to go to England for a trip this summer.
Tom began to speak.
I owe you so much.
The man behind them is playing the piano.
I wasn't strong enough.
I treated her as my own daughter.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
I agree with Tom a hundred percent.
Tom has nothing to do here.
Who are you talking to?
This radio is no bigger than a matchbox.
I caught five fish yesterday.
You can swim, but I can't.
In various Turkish restaurants, shishkabob is the main food.
Where're you going?
Any child can do that.
He finally found out how to make it.
Play Chopin for me.
No one may be compelled to belong to an association.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
Please do not open the windows.
I don't like drinking beer that much.
You're weird - I like you.
I continued working.
What were the contents of the letter?
He is a very good teacher.
This is special.
I was expecting it!
It is an endangered species.
My mind was blank.
Everything seems OK.
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
We'll go when the rain stops.
Bob came home very late.
Is there a launderette around here?
"I'll be back," said Tom.
Potatoes are very cheap.
Don't blame the mistake on her.
I just hate you.
I am stuttering.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theatre.
How far away are we?
You must pay in advance.
There is a computer on the table.
I didn't expect to hear back from Tom so soon.
Tom doubled his investment in a year.
I can't deal with this problem anymore.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
It is blowing very hard.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Tom is wearing the same clothes as he was yesterday.
I picked out a new hat at the store.
If I were you, I wouldn't go.
How did your journey begin?
If you don't like it, don't eat it.
In the autumn, swallows will fly south.
But what if he says no?
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders.
Have you been living here for long?
I won the lottery.
I had lost my pen.
I'm glad Tom is on our team.
He brought me coffee, when I had asked for tea.
The information is very important to us.
He put his hands in his pockets.
You are from Hokkaido, aren't you?
Paraguay is a country in South America.
Mary hung her clothes on the clothesline.
Everybody's hard work contributed to the show's success.
Go outside and play now.
Georgetown is the capital of Guyana.
I need more room.
I would like to buy some aspirin.
What's your favorite brand of yogurt?
I am used to going to bed very late.
He gave his life for the nation.
My mother forgot to add salt to the salad.
She got off at the next station.
He will play baseball tomorrow.
I know a guy named Smith.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
He was elected captain of the team.
He went to America last week.
I'd like to go.
Let me help you with your luggage.
My jeans are torn.
I do not play the piano.
We'll have to wait and see.
Everyone but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
This factory manufactures CD players.
My dream came true.
She calmed down.
How's your project coming along?
Correct me if I am mistaken.
I agreed with him on that point.
You returned.
Tom is a dolphin trainer.
I have just finished eating lunch.
I don't speak her language.
I am chatting with you.
He is crazy about jazz.
You'll get well soon.
I thought you wanted to wait.
Tell her to come at noon.
She had a healthy baby.
That was wrong.
How stupid of me to do so!
He regrets his having wasted his money.
She has written several books.
Dictatorship can be summed up by "shut up!", democracy by "keep talking".
My father didn't eat much fruit.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
I'm feeling fit.
She is good at speaking English.
It's already nine o'clock.
I never have an ice cream without feeling happy.
In fact, he too loved her.
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration, and the hutongs were narrower.
Are you from Urumqi?
That isn't cool.
When you are driving, you should slow down on corners.
I'm so lonely.
The best violins are made with wood from trees that have been struck by lightning.
He isn't very happy today.
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
Give it to them.
Something weird's going on.
There are two staircases in my house.
How many friends do you have?
I have lost my new fountain pen.
Although the accident has delayed progress by one month, we have managed to catch up with the schedule.
It is rude to point at others.
You should know!
The rain wasn't heavy enough to extinguish the fire.
She's sleeping like a baby.
My room is comfortable, if it is a little small.
Stupidity is a lack of intelligence.
I have a map.
We're good friends.
Do you not understand basic logic?
Those things only happen in movies.
Stay calm.
Cows are sacred animals in India.
You're liable for the debt.
There's no need to panic. There's plenty of time.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Tom is an interesting person.
The rain beats against the window pane.
She likes seafood.
I'd really like to go to Boston with you.
I thought that I told you to stay away from my computer.
Emi looks happy.
Richard Roberts is the author of numerous books.
He is too young to undertake this work.
My father wants me to study in Australia.
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.
They're in math class.
What will tomorrow's weather be like?
I like summer the best.
I think he's a great writer.
That house with a red roof is my uncle's.
A dolphin is a mammal.
Is your mother at home?
I'd study if I were you.
Why is everyone being so nice to me all of a sudden?
Tom wants to talk to Mary, but she is always on the phone.
Did you write?
I need to try.
Sometimes, waiting is very difficult!
Share with your brother.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I got up late this morning.
They say love is blind.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
I am consoling Mary.
Do you know why he skipped class today?
I ate an apple.
I have spoken with the Polish ambassador.
If not now, when?
Tom doesn't understand.
You've already eaten!
I always keep my promises.
He teaches English to his friend.
I saw her on TV.
I think you worry too much.
Do you know them?
He found me a taxi.
Confucius said: " Yu the Great's conduct, I could not point out any flaws. He consumes meager amount of food, while offering boastful riches to the Gods and ancestors; He always don the crudest attire, but wears lavish garments when worshipping; He resides in a small house, yet forges water ways and ditches with all his might. Figures like Yu the Great, I honestly cannot point out any reprehensible flaws."
I'm the tallest in our class.
Tom became an agnostic.
That's not what I mean. Sex discrimination, female discrimination, whatever, men and women are just different.
The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half.
You should think about your retirement.
I always get along well with him.
I can't understand this at all.
Keep it in a cool place.
He visited Japan in the character of President.
You have only to practice every day.
She got a new CD player yesterday.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Don't kid yourself.
We'll know the real story soon enough.
Your penis is small.
This is a very complex problem.
I know life is short.
His younger brother went to Shanghai the day before yesterday.
Tom and Mary live under the same roof.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
You are the master of your own destiny.
There's an outside chance of winning.
I never spoke to him after that.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
I got up at seven this morning.
I think Tom is optimistic.
You finally succeeded in getting a job.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
We've got used to the cold.
I want them to be my friends.
There's no need for you to study.
She's not old enough to get a driver's license.
What did you put in it?
Are you Xiao-yu?
Bring the key.
Our restaurant is the best.
He likes Disney.
When I opened the door, I broke the lock.
Taste buds are very useful.
Don't let Tom leave.
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess.
What did John sing on the stage?
She is working on the problem.
The trees were very scarce.
This is my favourite.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn't just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called 'first exchange'.
Maybe you'll succeed.
Please pull over.
What's the weather like today?
Two detectives followed the suspect.
Tom, I'm pregnant.
He built a cabin on the beach.
Don't try to pull a fast one on me!
I had nan with tea for breakfast.
What is Ken eating?
I was in school yesterday morning.
Wait for me, wait a second!
Does she have any tattoos?
Education in this world disappoints me.
Do you want to learn Serbian, Mary?
Because of the problem of air pollution, the bicycle may some day replace the automobile.
When it comes to love, women are experts and men eternal novices.
She bought a new computer.
She was about to leave the house.
I will not go to school tomorrow.
Do not wait until everyone says that you are ugly before realising that you really are ugly.
He knows.
Tears fell from his eyes.
How awful!
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
This letter bears no signature.
This apple juice is pure.
Please make yourself comfortable.
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
Jump!
I am very talented at maths.
The President is to speak on television this evening.
Japanese companies have built up a reputation for quality.
His life is in danger.
Tom has a twin brother.
He saved the boy from drowning, but only at the cost of his own life.
Smoke appeared.
I can't reach it.
Tom took off his wedding ring.
This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten in.
I had to stay at home.
Nancy was the first girl to come.
How long have you been smoking?
They have been married two years.
Learning new information can make people happy.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
They worship every Sunday.
Tom is correcting exam papers.
Tom is not English.
We spent a lot of time looking for a parking lot.
You must've stayed up late.
I was truly astonished.
I'll never forget you.
Who is that person?
The speed of light is much greater than that of sound.
It's hard to say.
I play volleyball a lot.
I don't like tea.
I suppose you're hungry.
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?
It's confidential.
How are things at work?
Marco bought his son a car.
Tom called the police.
Today, many problems were encountered.
If you want to study Chinese well, you should communicate with Chinese people more often.
No point in threatening me. I'll still tell you nothing.
Where is Tom's classroom?
You can eat whatever you like.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
Do you approve of what he is doing?
She has blue eyes.
The fisherman caught a purple jellyfish in his net.
He spread his arms as though he wanted to embrace the world.
He's afraid of his father.
He was out of breath.
Tom admitted that he is afraid.
Can you spare me a few minutes? I'd like to have a word with you.
This is the cutest puppy I've ever seen.
I haven't seen her today.
I hate my neighbors.
Can you hurry up a bit?
She doesn't like people who are not punctual.
The future belongs to the few among us who are still willing to get their hands dirty.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
It's not broken.
I like playing sports.
I didn't go to school last Monday.
Okay.
I came to warn you not to do that.
Many people were killed in the war.
A well is a place where you can get water.
I walked 10 kilometers today.
Did you miss me?
Tom likes to knit.
I have no business making demands and you have every right to simply disregard all this rubbish I've written and send me whatever you bloody well please.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
I must help her at any cost.
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
My body aches all over.
These pills act on the heart.
We left the final decision to him.
Please write down and give to me your personal address.
Air quality has deteriorated these past few years.
The brain has a complex structure.
I won't allow you to do that.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
My uncle is possessed of great wealth.
Although it was still early, it was already hot outside.
He didn't keep his word.
Don't leave me here alone.
Now I understand.
Did you go to the book fair?
He will call for me about six.
Tom told me I shouldn't do that.
Tom is a chauffeur.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
Jane comes from Australia.
Luckily she won a scholarship.
I'd like a room in the back.
Please show me your notebook.
I'm a foreigner and I don't know Czech very well. Please, speak slowly.
It is our rainy season.
The ship sailed through the Suez Canal.
The number of tourists has increased greatly in recent years.
He can be proud of his father.
He appeared on TV last night.
I suggested that we should stay there another day.
The paint was coming off the wall.
Your memory isn't too good.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
Tom doesn't even know my name.
He's always laughing.
The company employs 500 workers.
He made a speech.
The color red is beautiful, but it can't beat blue.
I'd take it as a sign.
Betty has climbed the mountain three times.
At what time is she going?
My father has just come home.
I'm not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
Many attended his funeral.
Please memorise these abbreviations.
When will we go?
I am unable to finish my homework.
He has three brothers.
You drink too much coffee.
Bollocks, where in God's name did I put my house keys?
You are already in Kyoto?
Most students are preparing for the final exams.
She really hates this kind of thinking.
He slept under a tree.
I will go there even if it rains.
The horse does not just represent energy, high spirits, prosperity, development, but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping, and of striving on without giving up.
There was nothing left in the refrigerator.
Just then, the bus stopped.
Let's go to the club.
She is very thoughtful and patient.
English is difficult to learn.
Don't all speak at the same time.
He is a Hongkonger.
I learned to drive a car when I was eighteen and got a driver's license.
Are there any languages with no vowels?
Are you free?
The fire was out.
Clean the dust off the shelf.
Reading a book is interesting.
How come he didn't show up?
She is an expert at telling lies.
She got on the subway at Ginza.
Tom knew why Mary went to Boston.
The common language of many anime is subtitles.
I'm hungry!
This is the very book you wanted.
You have to make difficult decisions.
That's right, isn't it?
Excuse me. Where are the eggs?
Last Thursday, I was at his home in Madrid.
I hope we will be able to keep in touch.
It's a slip of the pen.
If there's no solution, then there's no problem.
What color do you think Tom likes?
I really like to read.
If you want to study in the United States, you need to get a student visa.
I doubt Tom did that intentionally.
Movie making is an exciting job.
Tom is such an idiot.
Your argument is stupid.
You deserve to succeed.
That was dangerous!
Is the rat alive or dead?
I'll study your report.
Both of them are in the room.
I can't lend this book to you.
I don't love her, not even if she loves me.
Tom watched in horror.
Who is Tom's girlfriend?
I can't believe Tom kissed me.
Who discovered America?
He was standing behind the door.
I'm looking for a warm, woolen skirt.
When are the elections?
Do you think animals have souls?
He needs ten hours to get dressed.
I was embarrassed by what she said.
We've had no word from Brian yet.
Everybody likes her.
Our friend lost her mother.
Whose bicycle is this?
I think both Tom and Mary are drunk.
That animal feeds on flesh.
He decided to marry her.
Don't ramble.
This is a good car.
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.
You always go there and back in the company car, don't you?
Where are those people from?
I know nothing.
Does someone here speak Japanese?
The whole plan is only based on his personal opinions.
Smog was very heavy today.
Do you know if she can speak English?
I got a good grade in English.
Sami has seen every medical show on TV.
Foreign people are amusing.
Tom poured himself another glass of wine.
I don't want anyone to touch this.
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
It is my enrollment this week.
Thank you, I've finished talking.
"What do you think of the election for mayor?" "I don't know."
I can't find my glasses.
It's chucking it down.
You had better leave at once.
My battles make me who I am.
Tom asked Mary to stop working.
My friend is seventeen years old.
You've got a one-track mind.
Do you want some more tea?
Do you love me just because I'm black?
Let me see your wound.
His bitter words still rankle in my mind.
It sounds like he's going to Kashgar.
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.
The surface of the object is fairly rough.
There's no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
Tom has to do that again.
Not long before his wedding he decided not to get married.
I quit.
I can't make any sense of this.
Have you got any allergies?
We had a mild winter last year.
Are you a member of the baseball team?
He bought a handful of chives.
That looks really dangerous.
Don't laugh.
What subjects are you taking at school?
That's wet.
Whether you will succeed or not depends on your efforts.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
Why must I know about it?
I shouldn't have sold my house.
I like flowers, such as roses.
I hear that Tom won't do that again.
Preserve life; please don't waste water.
Are you still up?
That's right.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
I want to be the one who decides.
I was puzzled about what to do next.
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?
How is the weather there?
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
They deserve it.
They're watching.
I can't find Tim. Has he gone already?
We've run out of gas.
Last year I had five cars.
I ripped the envelope open.
Violence is the cancer of our society.
I was hot, so I switched on the fan.
That didn't really happen.
Can I borrow your pencil for a bit?
He's busy.
He has a hairy chest.
Let me introduce my friends to you.
How long will you stay in Hakone?
That's just useless.
Why is my VPN so slow?
Tom is unsatisfied with the result.
There's no one in the building now.
You're doing it wrong.
Tokyo is Japan's capital.
I beg you, give me a visa.
I went to bed later than usual.
Something happened.
I was watching TV when the telephone rang.
We must try to break the deadlock.
Roll up your right sleeve.
She burned her left hand.
Is it really all over?
Today, women's only consideration in marriage is probably if you love him or not, if he loves you or not, whether he is sincere and heartfelt towards you, whether there will be pressure with him, whether there will be happiness, and not what his possessions are!
When will your book be published?
Tom fell asleep during sex ed class.
Winter is just around the corner.
I have no idea of what to do.
It's very hot this morning.
There's no more salt.
I will bring it to you tomorrow.
Maybe you should just give up.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
I want to become the stingiest one.
I do not have a cat.
You'll get used to this in three or four weeks.
I can't understand what you're saying.
I shouldn't have done that.
When I was little, I couldn't eat fish.
Do not judge so that you will not be judged.
A nuclear war will bring about the destruction of mankind.
I prefer reading to writing.
I'm all right. And you?
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone.
This is very important.
The doctor has given her some tablets to take away the pain.
He's always at home on Sundays.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it's just a bit expensive.
My father insisted that I should go to see the place.
Can you feel it?
There is a large supermarket.
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.
There will be a math test tomorrow.
I only eat meat.
Tom went blind.
That desk is too small for Meg.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
She's completely crazy about him.
It is very hot in here.
I had an accident at work.
Why did she come home early?
When did you start?
He likes adventure.
My house is only five minutes' walk from the station.
Life doesn't always go the way we want it to.
I almost never watch TV nowadays.
May I ask you to call me back later?
There is no shortcut to success.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
Love is not just a feeling, but also an art.
She handed him the key.
We watched TV after lunch.
Do you have a drink to help quench my thirst?
This isn't Spanish.
Don't let him play with your phone.
Better be the head of a cat than the tail of a lion.
One of your tires is flat.
Tom should've been ready.
I'm just playing the devil's advocate.
Good evening, how are you?
Who's playing the guitar?
I'm starting to agree with you.
I've returned!
She's good at bargaining the price down.
I had my watch stolen yesterday.
My birthday approaches.
I am determined to be a scientist.
Now it is official.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
The smell of roses filled the room.
The beauty of that country is beyond description.
Thanks for the comment.
Tom didn't tell me much about it.
Whatever!
How was your exam?
I will buy a new umbrella.
Who's he?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
He began to shout.
What is there in your bedroom?
I'm from Boston.
Trees are plants.
He'll succeed for sure.
Because she is twenty-five years old, she gets married.
Don't you think so?
When I said 'Hello' to Tom, he hid behind his mother.
Tom cut down a tree in his yard.
Yeah, and?
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
Are you talking to me?
The problem's been solved.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
No I'm not; you are!
The house stood out because of its unusual shape.
The waterways branch out across the plain.
Tom said that he had a headache.
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi.
This computer runs on batteries.
Thank you for the corrections.
Tom seems to speak French better than before.
My friend is a real bookworm.
I need a pencil. Can I use one of yours?
I had a phone call from him.
I don't think that I really have a problem.
I'm looking for erotic science fiction novels.
I had a telephone call from her.
This is my email address.
I have known him for ten years.
They supplied the villagers with food.
It is very hot here in summer.
It is very hot this morning!
I always cry when I see this picture.
Jesus loves you.
A permit is required.
Where are you guys headed?
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura.
How come you're so slow?!
I'm getting nowhere with you! Call the manager!
I'll add the finishing touch.
I know what Tom is doing.
Mary is a wonderful woman.
The soul is the prison of the body.
I am reading short stories.
This meat is roasted well.
Tom and Mary know they can trust us.
We expect to win.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that again.
Were I you, I would study harder.
Speaking English is a lot of fun.
You don't have to help me.
Everything's under control.
Tom, if you're not going, I'm not going either.
Do you know who invented the telegraph?
If you go to bed late again, tomorrow you'll wake up with shadows under your eyes.
Bears can climb trees.
She is particular about what she wears.
Mayuko always aims for perfection.
The boy can count to ten.
I heard the news on the radio.
Might I ask your name and address?
If I were to tell you all I know, you would be amazed.
We'll be there soon.
Yanni is a spoiled kid.
He quickly went out of the room.
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
Tom isn't afraid to die.
I am terribly hungry.
What have you done with my pen?
She resides in New York.
We're learning Spanish.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
He has a private plane.
Tom is crying, too.
This car needs to be washed.
I want to say nothing but sorry.
I don't eat supper because I want to lose some weight.
I have to go to the library.
Now I am too old to walk.
He said he was innocent.
He caught a cold.
I really can't figure out why.
Tom is laughing.
She and her boyfriend live together.
We should look inside this house as well.
He is a famous painter.
He doesn't live there anymore.
I'll call you every night.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
Would you care for another cup of coffee?
We hoped to have done with the work before the holidays.
The current era is the atomic era.
She is beautiful, intelligent and, what is best of all, very kind-hearted.
I will eat sweet and sour spareribs tonight.
The fruit is still too sour to eat.
Are your hands clean?
A doctor was sent for at once.
Mike likes to play basketball.
I don't understand this sentence.
I have a good-paying job with excellent hours.
Smokers are a bunch of idiots.
Let me remind you again that March 31st is the due date.
We sometimes see them.
Are you through with your breakfast?
I had a good time this evening.
Tom didn't attend the meeting.
You really should quit smoking.
He's already a man.
That child may have been kidnapped on his way home.
Tom put the vase on the table.
Perhaps I'll be able to help you.
Many foreign people come to Japan to work.
I've enjoyed reading this novel.
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
Tom is in bed with a fever.
Tom is unbearable.
We're Canadians.
May I open my eyes now?
They all loved it.
Due to bad weather, the plane was late.
With all his efforts, he couldn't succeed.
Tom was so shy that he didn't even look at Mary when he asked her in a thin, barely audible voice whether she might possibly consider going to the cinema with him.
Dan learnt about Linda's death in the news.
Nancy told me about the fire.
Tom confessed that he had stolen the money.
Don't quit your day job.
I like to ride on trains.
We shall fix all bugs today before leaving the office.
Tom and Mary are both only children.
Hide not your light under a bushel.
Where's the door?
The prime minister dissolved the Diet.
Tatoeba is open source software.
He had lost all faith in his ability to succeed.
The world is full of incompetent doctors.
I want to stay here for a couple of days.
He is an American.
He lied to us.
The journalist wanted to write an article that would draw public attention to the issue.
Is this zebra yours?
Tom has never been in prison.
I'm up.
My grandfather wants to live quietly for the rest of his life.
Tom is barechested.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
My name is not "You guys".
This really is a masterpiece.
It's OK, thanks.
Tom is not a friendly guy.
My father retired to make way for younger people.
We're preparing to do so.
We need talented people.
I'm from Brazil.
"Forgive me." "What do I have to forgive?"
My dear mother.
Take good care of yourself.
That cost him his job.
I can't get over my cold.
It happened that I met Mr Uno on the street.
Jessie's long hair was completely wet.
The first person that I see playing a video game, chatting on QQ, or reading articles on Kaixin, is going to be shown the door. This is a classroom, not a cybercafé.
Europeans are the largest consumers of alcohol in the world.
It's cold this morning.
Do black holes exist?
You're no longer a mere child.
Two squared equals four.
All I want to do is go fishing.
He's writing a long letter.
It will get warmer soon.
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
There’s a saying that goes, "Fortune always comes in pairs." But there’s another saying that says, "Fortune comes, but never in pairs, while misfortune always does."
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
Zip your lips.
What did Mom and Dad do today?
You should've told me yesterday.
After losing his job, he went through a very difficult time.
What if someone kidnapped Tom? What would you do?
Drents is a group of variants of the Low Saxon regional language.
Youth comes but once in life.
Can anyone answer my question?
Don't associate yourself with people that easily give up.
She slapped him.
I kept the $20 I found in the street.
Right now is the time of year to see the cherry blossoms.
The poor young man finally became a great artist.
They're typical youngsters.
We got lost in the fog.
Mother stays at home every day.
She began to like him right away.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
She didn't say why she did that.
You're Portuguese, right?
I'm not particularly thirsty right now.
Tom has something very important to tell Mary.
The kids are picking flowers in the garden.
What a lot of pens!
I was born in Osaka, but I grew up in Tokyo.
I have two sons.
You can get it at a bookstore.
Betty can play the piano.
Will you all be here tomorrow?
We'll be busy.
The plate is dirty.
Tom is running for Congress.
We have pilaf, lo mein, and kebabs in our restaurant.
I still don't understand.
What about you?
He is not too old to do it.
I wish you could have been there.
Tom's dad is a university professor.
I am tired after swimming in that river.
Would you please come again later?
I'm sitting in the railway station.
Two's company, but three's a crowd.
The contents of the box are indicated on the label.
That was a disaster.
My brother goes to college in Tokyo.
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
I'll be sixteen in September.
We waded into the cold water inch by inch.
I'll never forget going to Hawaii with her.
You may depend on him to help you.
I am in touch with him.
The lights aren't on.
Do you want to go, too?
I can't explain the difference between the two.
Everybody laughed.
I'm not in a mood to go out.
It's very cold here in January.
They excluded John from the club.
Watch the road.
It's too late now.
We furnished the refugees with blankets.
Tom runs faster than me.
I hesitated about which road to take.
It's foggy out.
There are many fish in this lake.
Is it black?
Tom wants children, but Mary doesn't.
I know you're bothered.
I like to play board games.
Sato is the new secretary of the company president.
Whose books are these?
That is how he got out of danger.
I have been under a lot of pressure lately.
I enjoy working here.
Come over to my place.
The Waterfront's success could mean that other cities soon follow, creating areas that offer people a new kind of city living, with all the benefits and none of the stress, noise and pollution of crowded centres.
A variety of books are displayed there.
You should've been more careful.
Will you be at Lucy's home tomorrow morning?
You guys are ready to meet up?
Because American dramas are very bloody, he doesn't like watching them.
My children like saccharum.
Tom is a young and handsome man.
You have a really good sense of direction.
Who does this suitcase belong to?
To hope is better than to despair.
I'm leaving.
I want to speak English.
There is a map on the desk.
Tom needs a change of scenery.
It is hot. Bring the electric fan.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She put sheets on her bed.
If you're talking about us, we're not tired.
China is a capitalist country.
Can you speak the Na'vi language?
I'm tired of your complaints.
I bought this book at Maruzen Bookstore.
There are more important things in life.
You should be responsible for your actions.
How did he find us?
She reads Chinese.
Are you from Africa?
He wrote a book about a jungle adventure.
What are your strong points?
My house is a long way from here.
I was in the train for twelve hours.
I speak Basque.
Humans are part of nature.
That is rather unexpected.
When are you leaving for Rome?
His behavior never ceases to surprise me.
I want to eat the cheese.
It's a pity you didn't come last night.
I like grape jelly best.
The lion is the king of animals.
I am Chinese.
Will we arrive in time?
I found it difficult to read the book.
Would anyone like some coffee?
I heard a strange sound.
School begins at nine.
Tom is no longer a lazy child.
I'm alive in Tokyo.
I have a magazine in my room.
Stay!
I'm getting old.
He continued working all day.
Keep your money. I don't want it.
My brother became an engineer.
This knife is not sharp enough.
Someone told me that this boy cannot hear.
It rained hard last night.
What is your gender?
There's a picture on the wall.
You're the new secretary, aren't you?
However, apart from Buddhists, hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle.
Tom is incorrigible.
It's a little small.
He likes traveling and so do I.
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.
I'll be back by six o'clock.
If you're bored, I suggest you go to the cinema.
Everyone likes her.
You didn't say a word.
We must carry out the plan at once.
When did this occur?
The upper reaches of the river are very beautiful.
Who are we?
Please keep it secret.
Why did you get such a costly dictionary?
Why is he hiding?
I live too far away.
I'm sorry darling, you are merely a single tree in a forest, I just can't drop everything for you.
Children need loving.
I thought that Tom would want to know about that.
You're beautiful and intelligent, how is it possible that no man is chasing after you?
It happens that we have the same birthday.
What do you have for breakfast?
I know you're not comfortable.
There is no cause for complaint.
I think you're dumb.
He introduced his fiancée.
You are too sensitive to criticism.
It would be better if you would eat more.
Comrades! Let's transform Moscow into a model communist city.
George sent me a birthday card.
Do you have a double room?
Where does the train leave from?
Please speak more loudly.
Everyone here already seems to be with a partner... what am I going to do?
It is easy for a monkey to climb a tree.
Tom is really worried.
He has lots of money.
I'll accompany you to the airport.
I paid him the money last week.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
The birds' home is in the forest, the fish's home is in the river, the bees' home is in the flowers, and the little children's is in China. We love our motherland from the time we're little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
Tom is a very bad person.
You should read a lot of books while you're young.
Tom wants to go to Japan.
She had two accidents within a year.
Where do you live?
I don't worry so much about my resume.
"Who is it?" "It's your mother."
We're having a party next Saturday.
"This looks pretty interesting," Hiroshi says.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
You shouldn't break promises.
Please stand one meter away.
I have an umbrella in my car.
Tom promised me he wouldn't tell anyone.
Mr Johnson, president of the club, will soon come.
If I were rich, I would travel a lot.
You must bear it in mind.
Which brand of toilet paper do you usually buy?
The dog is dead.
The little girl has a doll in her hands.
I want to say goodbye.
Are you going to attend the ceremony?
Mary has just come home.
There were a lot of people in the park.
The child had no overcoat on although it was very cold.
Tomorrow there will be a big snowfall.
Why didn't you call me yesterday evening?
I'm just worried about my weight.
You should choose a strong password!
You don't deserve it.
There were some boats on the lake.
Tom died of a drug overdose.
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so-so.
How much sugar do you use?
The woman is in front of a big rock.
Recently, I want to go to brush my teeth.
I burned the paper.
Do you play any instruments other than the piano?
Keep to the left when driving.
Which team are you a fan of?
He leaves for school at seven.
His mother is sitting on his left.
You can take whatever you like.
Prime numbers are like life; they are completely logical, but impossible to find the rules for, even if you spend all your time thinking about it.
Living in the country, I have few visitors.
I don't think we can wait any longer.
He never fails to write to his parents once a month.
History is not his major subject.
Dentists take X-rays to examine your teeth.
He has some money in the bank.
She deserves to know the truth.
Tom only drinks coffee.
He is nothing more than a politician.
The train is here.
In many cases, the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD's artwork.
You guys broke it again!
People from Madrid are weird.
I like you.
Is it already Monday?
I don't want to lose you.
The president speaks as a real patriot.
Where can I find them?
My father is in the garden.
Sleep is the greatest thief, for it steals half one's life.
I prefer this version.
His regime is bound to collapse.
Mary hid the money in her bra.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about 700 years ago.
She hung a curtain over the window.
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
We should study English every day.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
I'd like to talk to her.
That's life.
He witnessed the murder.
This English essay is far from perfect.
Sami wrote to Layla about it.
What should I do?
We're still nervous.
Again!
I still have lessons in French and Dutch to take.
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
She can speak French.
I play soccer.
I'm going to climb that mountain.
This is her house.
You can go if you want to.
We only need water.
The late Mr Smith was a doctor.
There was a light rain yesterday.
He has been very busy this week.
She sent this book to me.
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.
Mary is Greek.
I have lots of friends.
I'm suffering from a bad cold.
Hence, we have to take care of ourselves.
You can understand Swedish.
There's nothing more I can teach you.
There were risks.
Man is mortal.
Tom ate half the cake by himself.
He is an author and a politician.
You're joking!
I can produce several pieces a day if I'm lucky.
The family was highly doubtful of the statement from the military.
Concerning this word, each expert has a different point of view.
Tom is an ignorant fool.
We can't keep this a secret forever.
I'm shorter than you.
I have no name.
She has died.
The government's expenditures are a bit excessive.
He had plenty of fight left in him.
She can't play the piano very well.
I was sore for three weeks.
Europeans like to drink wine.
Is this maxi pad for overnight use?
He can play tennis very well.
That isn't what I'm looking for.
I'm very hungry.
I am going to Hawaii next year.
How many people can do that?
Did Tom send you?
You should always do your best.
There's a dog close by barking.
How do you know that belongs to Tom?
Food shouldn't be wasted.
She phoned her husband to come immediately.
I am listening to them speaking.
My mother took me to the park.
At the time, you were outside.
He got his wife to mend his shirt.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to go to Germany.
Do you have your driver's license?
At what time do you start work?
Tom has gone back home to Boston.
My hobby is visiting old temples.
Can you let me by?
I love Nara, particularly in the fall.
He is making preparations for a trip.
You like elephants.
I am not sure how to pronounce the word.
Tom is very courageous, isn't he?
Those who don’t like it will say that it doesn’t fit with China’s characteristics so it can’t be done, and those who do like it will say that according to China’s characteristics this is how it must be done.
Tom wouldn't dare show his face around here again.
For what reason did you cry?
The man is loading the moving truck on his own.
The first step is the hardest.
Try some.
There's quite a lot of things to do; do you want some help?
A smell of lilies filled the room.
"Whose shoes are these?" "They're Tom's."
I am well-informed about this topic.
I saw the sunrise.
You can pick out any book you like.
Ken wasn't running.
Tom is too honest a boy to tell a lie.
I'd like my coffee after the meal.
Are there any bike lanes in Algiers?
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
We have already won this battle.
You got me.
Strictly speaking, this sentence is grammatically incorrect.
The opposition formed a line in the box to try and block Messi from scoring.
Have you been working as a doctor for long?
The boy didn't change his opinion.
Please don't talk to me.
He'll never show it, but I think that deep down, he's seriously worried.
They stole my wine bottle!
Tom isn't likely to do that again.
I won't sell this tree shade.
We'll have to do that, too.
Where's the boss?
The wind is strong, so I am not going quickly.
I want to study mathematics.
He swam across the river.
What's my book doing here?
You're apt to be forgetful.
I went to the station to see my friend off.
This is a man-made language.
I'll be back by nine.
Education is the path to happiness, peace, righteousness, and success.
She forgot to mail the letter.
I'm a Christian, but I don't eat pork.
Come again next week.
They have jobs.
I'm your boyfriend.
Would you like to order?
What did you drink?
How about for tomorrow?
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
I missed my chance.
Declaring war after a surprise attack is to be expected, but killing over ten thousand non-combatants with a bomb is something unheard of.
How many children were injured?
They all love me.
Come here!
It's slow to say, but it was quick.
Better to be hated for who you are than loved for who you're not.
This word is difficult to pronounce.
I cheered myself up by listening to music.
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.
This book will be very useful to us.
They usually sleep in this room.
I'm not doing anything currently.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
Everyone hoped that she would win.
Five gallons of regular, please.
You should take the number 5 bus.
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight.
The weather has a great deal to do with our health.
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
The murmur of the brook lulls me to sleep.
Place it wherever you like.
I can't find the knife.
Is she Carmen?
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
As there was no bus, I had no choice but to walk.
My problem is I don't trust you.
You should go in person.
Swimming is easy.
Still want a quilt?
Could you write it down, please?
Tom can't speak French very well.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
We had dinner at a restaurant.
Why are you so busy?
After having anal sex with my boyfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
UFO stands for unidentified flying object.
I have just been to the post office.
Who is the greatest composer of all time?
It was John who helped make her dream come true.
She turned down the subsidy that I offered.
Ken will be 15 next year.
They married not long ago.
She has already eaten.
Unfortunately, by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes.
I ran into my aunt by chance in Europe.
Are you interested in Buddhism?
I will help you if I have finished my work by four.
I'm 19.
Tom is kind to everybody.
What is your hobby?
Tom looks very happy.
He told me the story of his life.
She declared that she was not guilty.
His English is very fluent!
As time goes on, my life gets worse and worse.
Your initial order is subject to a special discount of 5%.
The red hat goes well with her dress.
I know, your busy too.
Turning to the right, you will find the city hall in front of you.
There are many shrines in Kyoto.
These boxes are made of plastic.
Where is spring?
It's the same to me.
I introduced Mary to my parents.
She has red hair.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
Were your mother and father home?
You're wet through.
She's pretty.
What are you doing now?
I respect the elderly.
Should you change your mind, let me know.
I'm fed up with him always preaching to me.
I think perhaps you're right.
I attached my name-tag to my baggage, but it soon came off.
Farmers are busy working in the field.
Don't force yourself to do things that you don't like.
Tom is the only guy in this class.
A strange woman was standing in the doorway.
The baby was sleeping in the cradle.
He's armed to the teeth.
The trouble is that you are too young.
I don't think that Tom is serious.
We don't have any proof.
Is this really worth it?
Tom tried to stab me.
She gave out a sigh of relief.
He is the law.
You mustn't answer your mother back when she scolds you.
I want to go swimming.
He was never content with his success.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
I have problems, just like everybody else.
My father bought this hat for me.
I made a paper plane.
Xiaoming doesn't know how to control herself.
I've lost my key.
This device is actuated by a switch.
She turned down his proposal.
She put on her hat.
He's already retired but is often asked by them to consult.
Please give me a cup of water.
Do you need a car?
I work even on Sunday.
China is a huge country.
He walks fast.
I have been to Rome.
I used to play alone when I was a child.
He can speak both English and French very well.
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so.
Were you in his house in Madrid last Thursday?
Let me introduce you to Mr. Murata.
I am gay.
I didn't study at all.
No matter how hard I try...
I don't think he can help you.
This is my umbrella.
She fell down the ladder.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
You have to get on that bus to go to the museum.
Do you feel any pain in your stomach?
She always writes down every word her teacher says.
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.
This car can go thirteen kilometers for every liter of gasoline.
You should exercise more.
Tom understands what it takes to survive.
We're going to paint the wall.
This house is haunted.
I'm not like Tom.
I'll follow you wherever you go.
The kitten wants to come in.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
We live in a three-bedroom house.
I would like to drink some soda.
I'm absolutely elated.
I like opera.
How long has he been gone?
Latin is a dead language.
I don't remember my grandmother's face accurately.
I don't know where my watch is.
I don't like spicy food.
Ask at the police box over there.
Don't waste time on trifles.
Come what may, I won't change my opinion.
That book's over here.
Tom did an excellent job.
No one knows his real name.
She took offence at my word.
I'd like to see your father.
He is daydreaming.
She had to accept her fate.
I don't want to be involved in this affair.
Are you feeling tired?
The internet is not connecting.
"Is he going to swim tomorrow?" "Yes, he is."
Mary said she thought she might have to do that before she can go home.
Wear silk socks!
Tom was badly injured in a traffic accident.
March 15 will be my last day of school.
You should pay your rent in advance.
Are you up?
These are very old books.
I know him, he is Yao Ming.
It is clear that he is a great artist.
They already did that.
Could she make herself understood in French in Paris?
May I introduce myself?
The balance of payments is the total of all the money coming into a country from abroad less all of the money going out of the country during the same period.
Your time is running out.
Tell me what Tom took with him.
Where's my package?
I think that Tom is going to pass the examination.
English is a kind of universal language.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
The flowers in my garden have withered in the cold.
Tom plays the piano better than I do.
Please keep an eye on my suitcase.
We don't think it's serious.
The washing machine is a wonderful invention.
He is tremendously handsome.
Mary bluntly rejected Tom's request.
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.
Edit your work better before you submit it, it's sloppy.
Is this safe to eat?
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o'clock?
It's already very late, but he is still at work.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going.
I'm not gay, but I like to masturbate with other males.
Hang in there.
Oranges are not vegetables.
Yesterday, he wrote a letter.
I was very careful.
Let's take a picture for memory's sake.
Here is the book you are looking for.
He could still be alive somewhere.
I want to discuss the price with you.
It's very windy outside, but we'll still go out for a walk.
I know people think I'm odd.
I am sorry, he is not at home, he left for Madrid yesterday.
I'm sure you can understand.
My brothers are under the tree.
That is one of my best time in my life.
She bought some vegetables yesterday.
This watch is of great value.
I like listening to you sing.
She drinks alcohol-free beer almost every day, because her favourite drink is beer, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
You won't need it.
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
Tom looks a bit sick.
Have you ever been to Paris?
This horrible hot weather is killing me.
Many criminals in the United States are addicted to drugs.
When I opened the door of the refrigerator, an apple fell out.
I'll give these kittens to whoever likes cats.
This watch is meant for you.
These containers are airtight.
Time is precious.
May I use it?
I am dying for a cold drink.
I didn't have more than 1,000 yen.
I'll tell Tom tomorrow.
How have you been recently?
There is no such thing as a thornless rose.
She added me on Facebook.
I'm going to eat.
I found a taxi, but there was no driver inside.
Go straight on down this street.
I don't think he is right.
No taking photos.
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.
They're unlikely to get married.
Caracas is Venezuela's capital.
In the Spanish calendar, the week begins with Monday.
This must be my book.
Many people are unable to comprehend the actions of hackers.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
Look there.
I'm in a hurry today.
Long live India!
I gave Tom one of those.
The light changed from red to green.
Tom has high blood pressure.
Grab hold of the rope.
Once you've formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
He has a big family.
Misfortunes never come singly.
He took Jane out for dinner.
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.
She likes jazz, and I do, too.
Beware of pickpockets here.
All shall die.
I couldn't leave Tom.
Which do you prefer, apples or bananas?
Your team is very good, but theirs is the best.
I'm starting to miss my girlfriend.
When are you coming?
I don't know. What do you think?
This little baby tore up a 10 dollar bill.
They made love last night.
I'm the one you want.
Not again!
This book is smaller.
We're cameramen.
Wolves won't usually attack people.
The invention of the transistor marked a new era.
You must take responsibility for your own careless actions.
I think we've found what we were looking for.
Our company and its affiliates may share your personal information with each other.
I'll get some help.
Before long, he had recuperated.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
Did you do the homework?
It's the first step.
Oh, I almost forgot! Today is garbage disposal day!
Is there anything that I shouldn't eat?
Tom and Mary became vegans.
CDs have taken the place of records.
Don't trample on the grass.
Ukraine's president is Jewish.
Tom disassembled the clock.
How annoying!
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Are they talking about us?
Don't kill people!
I think so, too.
He dropped his books on the floor.
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
Somebody is eating.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
I still don't know.
Tom said it was a diamond.
Your time is up.
Let's make a cake.
The value of the painting was estimated at several million dollars.
Tom likes to talk about golf.
After skiing, I find that I have a voracious appetite.
Speak louder!
All she said was that we would know when the time came.
Ha ha, I just dreamt that I won five million RMB.
Her son was killed in the accident.
I would like to show you something.
I had some calls to make.
We can rest.
Your hands are so cold.
She cooked herself a good meal.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
That was the most interesting novel that I had ever read.
The black cat is eating a white rat.
He whistled as he walked.
I've been cheated before.
This table is just as large as ours.
I haven't got a telly at home.
The little girl laughed a merry laugh.
Please tell Tom I'm here.
I'm not interested in the details.
I asked her for a date.
They are all artless children.
There are four lovely children in this photo.
He is a lump of selfishness.
What's your favorite color?
We'll eat lunch together at 12:30.
Happiness cannot be bought.
I had an umbrella with me but my friend did not.
Where is the post office?
The monkey climbed up the tree.
I'm helping people to buy things online.
Do you think he did the job on his own?
Mt. Asama is now dormant.
He is much older than he looks.
The bakery is closed.
No wonder we could not speak.
He wants no kind of flowers.
We are longing for peace.
I am your friend, right?
I let Tom watch a little TV after he finished his homework.
Finland is a small country.
He bent over backward to please his wife.
The floor was swimming with blood.
I bet he will get mad.
She gave a cry of pain.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
It exists, but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it, there's no need to have words for it.
You have just done your homework.
Have a good dream!
You will find him home whenever you call.
It's as clear as day.
Who are you looking at?
The teacher made us repeat the word.
They go to church on Sunday morning.
She disappeared.
Dumplings are essential at the New Year's Eve dinner table.
I love her so much, but she does not love me.
That's okay.
That is his car.
The doctor has prescribed you medicine.
Kate's dad walks home from the bus stop.
My house is on the outskirts of town.
I could see that.
What'll you do tomorrow?
A fork fell off the table.
He's the scapegoat.
What are you doing right now?
The city was destroyed in the war.
There's no need to go to school today.
It isn't something that I'm very good at.
Can you read?
She likes chocolate, too.
My watch is five minutes slow.
There's a photo of the bride and groom together on the invitation sent to friends.
This water has an ugly smell.
He asked her to give him preferential treatment.
You seemed surprised.
The sky is getting brighter.
Just a moment, please.
I caught up with them soon.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
We lock the door at night.
I got home at seven.
I would like some more water.
All students of English should have a good English-English dictionary at hand.
If I could be reborn, I would want to be the child of a rich family, then I'd be set for life.
Tom says Mary wasn't tired.
This afternoon I went to a pharmacy.
All that glitters is not gold.
I go to the office by car, and I try to leave home as early as I can so that I can avoid the traffic jams.
When I was small, I read all of her books.
You're seriously going to eat this?
I can't say for sure.
December is the last month of the year.
This smells like cheese.
What is the population of New York?
Philosophy is not a thing one can learn in six months.
A huge monster is coming down the mountain.
He tried to make his wife happy, but he couldn't.
I went to the park last Sunday.
The moon's so bright.
I want to visit South Korea.
I think I'm going to cry.
I caught him by the arm before he could fall.
I was glad at the news.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
You filthy beast, get out of here!
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
It is next to impossible.
One of your buttons has come off.
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
He fancies himself as an artist.
Why not?
Good morning, everyone.
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines.
You haven't washed your hands yet, have you?
I'd like to ask you a few more questions.
The door was suddenly opened by Mike.
Tom was one of the survivors.
Dry wood burns well.
Have you got a little sister?
I can open the window.
I often read English and Chinese blogs online.
Get off the internet and take a shower.
Bright ideas never occur to me.
What is that big building in front of us?
I get you.
I'd just woken up and was still drowsy.
A GPS device can pinpoint your location anywhere in the world.
I like to play poker.
I am going to major in French.
Sit beside me.
With a warm and wet climate, Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round.
There is a park in the middle of the city.
My grandfather gave me a birthday present.
Gentleness and cheerfulness, these come before all morality; they are the perfect duties.
This is not true love.
Tom is very obese.
She had the decency to apologize.
This flag is very beautiful.
Do not open your book.
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.
I wonder what happened to him.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Tom loved your ideas.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
She is thinking about travelling.
Tom told Mary what has to be done.
Something wrong?
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat.
The job is half done.
Mary came on her own.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
She does nothing but complain.
Don't let the children play on the street.
Our ball went over the fence and landed on the building site.
Cats have two eyes.
We don't trust Tom.
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.
I caught him stealing the money.
Tom has brains.
I haven't seen you all day.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
Open your mouth!
If it's at all possible, I'd like you to take part in the next meeting.
I've lost my credit card.
Close the gate.
Taninna studies in the library every day.
There is no treasure more precious than a child.
It's none of your business!
I don't think that he will come.
I do not have anything I do not like.
As far as English is concerned, nobody can beat me.
Tom told me that he'd do that himself.
Tim is Tom's twin brother.
I have several silver coins.
When we are told not to come, we become all the more eager to go.
Tom is writing a letter to his best friend.
Stop acting cute!
I am not a member of the club.
I'm a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
I hear that she is a famous actress.
By the age of 25, she had lived in 5 different countries.
They went out to Australia seeking gold.
I can't go with you today because I'm very busy.
I lost my way in the forest.
Women like to talk.
My phone number is 789.
She will come soon.
Which way should we go?
That looks good.
I discussed business with her.
This book is yours.
I know that you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
Tom said he wanted to try riding a unicycle.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
Remember!
Do you have time the day after tomorrow?
The most enlightened way of living is to despise social conventions while at the same time living your life in conformity to them.
I have seen him on TV but not in the flesh.
He is over 80 kilos.
Can you count to ten in Chinese?
He denies having met him.
Tom doesn't have a temperature.
Where does he work?
I don't want to talk to you, Tom.
In China, there's a saying that you can't judge a person by appearance.
If I were rich, I would go abroad.
I think you have a fever.
Tom wears a wig.
Finding Fadil isn't hard.
American children grow up hearing those words.
I can't sell at this price.
I always try to tell the truth.
She has her eyes closed.
The brain damage was congenital.
Tell me why she is crying.
I received your letter.
You shouldn't waste your time.
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.
We have two kids.
I'm exhausted!
My dog often lies on the grass.
Yumi went there alone.
Is a thousand yen enough?
Where did Tom buy that scarf?
Hit Tom.
I don't understand much about it.
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?
I would like something to drink.
Is this seat available?
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.
What a big truck!
Out of sight, out of mind.
I have decided to carry on the work.
I remember the first time we met.
Mary gave me a friendly nod.
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.
I noticed that Tom was smiling.
Not only did he refuse to help me, but also he scolded me.
The beach is an ideal place for children to play.
Her good looks gained her the favor of many men.
My house is here.
The money you give them will be put to good use.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
The concept doesn’t make sense.
I know that you're learning French at school.
This novel is boring.
Love is a trick.
I don't know who named this dog Pochi.
You saved my hide.
He's raking it in on the stock market.
I'll show you to the station.
My attitude towards him changed.
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.
Is this what you want?
I saw an old woman cross the street.
Kill him.
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.
Can you hold on a second?
I don't agree with him.
Your dress is very nice.
I remember that I gave him the key.
Everybody makes mistakes.
If I were you, I would do the same.
The ceremony will take place tomorrow.
It is seven now.
I've got a big dick!
He is an expert at fishing.
Tom knows that we aren't happy.
The weather is forecast scientifically.
I have to go home.
It snowed a good deal last night.
You don't need millions to be happy.
Mary smiled, but her voice had some irritation in it.
I want a little bottle of water.
She scraped her shoes clean before she entered the house.
It was fun playing in the park.
She is content with her present salary.
I've lived in China for six months.
You are a disappointing person!
This bike needs to be repaired.
Whether he studies or goes into business, I won't stop him.
Don't complain!
Don't know.
I respect Tom.
What are you suggesting to me?
I like to take things apart to see what makes them tick.
My mother is called Lucy, she is British.
He became very elated at the news.
All at once she began to shout in a shrill voice.
Please write down your name.
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
My right hand is numb.
Run very fast.
Do you think I'm beautiful?
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
He likes to dress as a woman.
I live in Dublin right now.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in oriental religions.
It is impossible to do it.
Impossible!
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to.
Who is going to believe that?
Why are you still at school?
I'm crazy for you!
Whatever will be, will be.
We were just about to leave when it started raining.
I won't talk to him anymore.
Tom won't likely be grumpy again today.
We're buying movie tickets.
You should have attended the meeting.
He doesn't drink coffee.
They have preserved the building.
He was alone in the room.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Whenever I look at this picture, I remember those happy days in the village.
Americans are said to regard the amount of money a man makes as a criterion of his ability.
I'll see her tonight.
We must avoid war at all cost.
Never have I felt better.
I like your car.
You can't expect me to always think of everything!
English has become my favorite subject.
Wait for a moment outside the room.
Do you have rain gear with you?
He was excluded from the club for infractions of the rules.
Could I see you again?
I don't want to talk to you now.
Who are you going with?
Let's have a swim in the afternoon.
There are a lot of people so today we've gone for buffet style.
They have no house to live in.
Would you like some more orange juice?
Here is my baggage.
Please call this lady a taxi.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
I want to write a lot of sentences.
Only we know this secret.
I was exhausted after running the race.
Every person should be able to speak their mother tongue.
His cell phone is off.
Where is Britney Spears?
I've known Jim since we were children.
There's a back entrance.
Tell me, what else do I have left?
I seem to have a temperature.
The heron is a wading bird.
We have five kinds of kebab.
The sun was shining, yet it was cold.
He didn't fear death.
I was serious when I said I love you.
The law is not always fair.
I'll ask for directions.
I don't want to be famous.
We look forward to seeing you again.
I too would like to go see it.
I don't want to learn French.
I don't want to be friends with you.
My friend has had three jobs in a year; he never sticks to anything for long.
I like to eat Korean food.
How much money do you need?
Are you a vampire?
Tom has never been punctual.
The store happened to be crowded yesterday.
Maria knew neither his name nor his phone number.
Would you like sugar and milk?
She's no longer interested in me.
I'll turn over a new leaf and study English very hard.
Have you eaten lunch yet?
My computer shut down automatically.
He doesn't need to work.
My French isn't good enough.
When will they arrive?
India is in Asia.
This is the best book I have ever read.
Space travel is no longer a dream.
Tom teaches me French twice a week.
The first group studies in the morning, the second in the evening.
He has books galore.
I felt as if I were in a dream.
The snow lay on the ground, frozen into a thick, hard crust.
I'm not going to say this twice.
Do you know my age?
I've already finished reading this book.
Are you serious?
Last night I went to the stadium.
I went to Tokyo to buy this book.
He died soon after the accident.
Our school is fifty years old.
Are you still cold?
Teachers must get tired of rectifying the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
That's groundless, Your Honor.
Is there a timetable?
They are a peace-loving people.
Tell me.
Tom isn't lying.
What kind of wine do you have?
2010 was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar.
I should congratulate you.
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.
One day he will return to Japan.
Are you allergic to any medicine?
He's not at all afraid of snakes.
Debbie, is your school near here?
I've been spending too much time with Tom.
Could you recommend a few French singers?
Chris gets 7 gold coins!
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
Your words made him feel much better.
Let's get drunk.
Who made this cake?
I don't remember who said that.
We must finish everything before Tuesday morning.
He cannot speak English, much less French.
I thought that Tom would sleep until noon.
If the weather is fine, I'll go swimming in the river.
Christmas approached.
She loved her children alike.
He paid no attention to her.
He went there instead of his father.
Yesterday it rained all day.
Tom is a man, and I'm a woman.
I am very interested in learning Chinese.
He has charisma.
Yes, I have a good idea.
I saw Roy and he asked me to pass this along to you.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
They would prefer stay.
Hope to see you again next year.
I still love him.
He muttered something under his breath.
This pencil is better than that one.
I'm learning Spanish.
JingXiang is so cute.
I usually stay indoors on Sunday.
I am Italian.
At the entrance of a Japanese house, visitors are generally asked to take off their shoes.
Tom did a very good job today.
I usually do the dishes.
He lives alone in an apartment.
What are they saying?
Press the button, please.
They can speak English.
It doesn't seem very fair to treat him like this.
I think I'll take a bath tonight.
I am glad to meet you.
Everybody wants to sit beside her.
The board unanimously decided to appoint her as CEO.
Whose is this car?
If he had taken his doctor's advice, he might still be alive.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
Do you think I think of myself as an idiot?
For my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
I like green peppers.
How late!
Behind his house is a stream so clear that you can see the bottom of it.
Physics is my favorite subject.
I have never come across such a stubborn person.
I knew she didn't love it.
Let me think about it.
You should take care of your sick mother.
Are eco-friendly cars sold in Algeria?
Put it down lightly!
People should sleep at least 7 hours each night.
I think you're sitting in my seat.
Our country abounds in products.
Someone has brought us some grapes.
They gave in to my opinion.
They attained their purpose at last.
We have no electricity.
Who's your favorite?
I can't trust you.
I know John – he's a workmate of mine.
I asked him to go there tomorrow.
He looked left and right.
She stooped to pick up a pebble.
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket.
I live in Groningen.
You cannot buy happiness.
I'm not really nervous.
Don't give up on your dreams.
I've got to go now.
They are baseball players.
She is quiet.
I took your umbrella by mistake.
She's neither rich nor famous.
Can you forgive me?
I was entirely bummed out by the results.
Come as fast as you can.
Dan left Linda when life became unbearable with her.
Remember well what you learn at school.
Melanie is eating an apple.
Tom is smart.
Are you mad?
She will be back within a week.
The other grasped his arm.
I don't allow it.
The house burnt to ashes.
Best served chilled.
Tom didn't seem hungry.
Do you watch television?
Natasha was born in Russia, but she doesn’t speak Russian.
I am leaving next week.
I left my briefcase on the bus.
I hate myself for my mistakes.
We're still a little confused.
Bess is simply a child.
She likes wearing boxer briefs, she doesn't like briefs, and also doesn't like thongs.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
Two for the lunch buffet, please.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
The conference will be held in a specially selected church.
I said shut up!
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
I can say with certainty that he hates me.
He needs an umbrella.
Would you let me know when Tom comes?
He believes himself to be infallible.
Men and women between the ages of 25 and 54 have the most stressful lives.
Life is a magnificent gown full of lice.
You put your hat on backwards.
Children really like playing on the beach.
I can't understand why he did that.
He is a student at a high school.
Personal computers are of great use.
You don't seem to like him.
All at once we heard a shot outside.
I must learn seriously.
If you have free time tomorrow, we could eat lunch together.
Champollion deciphered the Ancient Egyptian language.
I chose the less expensive one of the two.
Are you going to Boston next year?
Christmas is around the corner.
I look forward to seeing you again.
A small car is more economical than a large one.
Don't forget about us!
Tom graduated.
He seldom comes to see me.
Can I touch this one too?
Wherever you go, I'll follow.
How does she bring up her children?
I don't give a rat's ass.
If you don't know what the word means, look it up in the dictionary.
I think I love you.
Tom said he needed more money.
You haven't even updated the firmware?
Horses don't eat cucumber salad.
I don't like this jacket.
What time is class for you?
My uncle gave me a present.
My appointment at the hospital completely slipped my mind. Why didn't you remind me?
I hear from my mother once in a while.
He turned pale with fright.
He made a few grammatical mistakes.
Saying and doing are two different things.
I find those shoes too expensive.
Can I take him home?
I didn't tell anyone what you did.
You'll never be alone.
Speak of angels and you hear their wings.
Who'll be elected chairman?
It's a beautiful painting.
Can you show me the way please?
That dog runs very fast.
How do you say that in Italian?
Do you want a glass of soda?
Your nickname is quite lovely.
I am going to play tennis tomorrow.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
I'll give you one more chance to do that.
Tom is the one that told us about the problem.
She was wearing a black hat.
I am ill.
The box is broken.
Tom has a veterinary background.
I was very cold towards her.
She's scared.
Follow your dreams.
Can you rub my back?
They waved good-bye to their parents as the train pulled out.
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.
"Trust me," he said.
I want a boat that'll take me far away from here.
He found out this information online.
They insist that daily exercise is an action that must be done.
I attended the meeting yesterday.
Something has happened to my car.
She always writes to her mother every week.
Who has the edge now?
I bought two packets of pistachios.
He often eats breakfast there.
He does not get up early.
I want to get drunk.
She wants to do this day and night.
Assets have earning power or some other value to their owner.
I didn't mean to disturb you.
Arabia abounds in oil.
Most of the pupils here go to school by bike.
When does the game start?
Are you still winning?
I hope everything will turn out well in the end.
It caught me by surprise.
I took an art class last year.
I carried on singing.
Our teacher has a wonderful sense of humor.
Nobody encouraged her.
I'm going to talk to him.
You're not too late.
She goes to school on foot.
I don't see what we can do.
We're just friends.
What time is it in London now?
The king will appear in person tomorrow evening.
Do you play golf?
My father has five brothers and sisters.
Her skin is as white as snow.
Have you finished your homework?
Welcome to Wikipedia.
"We haven't seen each other since 2009." "Has it been that long?"
You've definitely gotten stronger.
We are both to blame.
Many birds fly high in the sky.
The storm sent the temperature down.
What would you like to drink?
April showers bring May flowers.
Is that a coyote?
No one trusts him any more.
Don't you remember him?
Please forgive me for being late.
We might have misunderstood her.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
If you get sleepy, let me know.
Dick is sometimes late for school.
Tom is more famous than you.
This fish is not edible.
It's not spring yet.
I'll still have a scar from that accident.
I'm lonely.
The dog looks hungry.
We were granted the privilege of fishing in this bay.
Lucy sometimes visits May.
He took off the wife-beater.
The launch was successful. We're now leaving the solar system.
Phrases are syntactical units.
I will not attend the party.
Happy Christmas!
The reception in the cellar is really bad.
He hopes he has already succeeded.
I am also fine.
Due to global warming, cities could be completely submerged.
What a wonderful idea!
I am delighted to meet you.
He threw a rock into the pond.
She doesn't want to have any children.
Yanni wanted to make up.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
He is the older of the two.
Are you sure you want to do this by yourself?
Jesus wept.
She opened the window, even though I told her not to.
I will follow your advice fully from here onwards.
Cheese is a solid food made from the milk of cows, goats, sheep, and other mammals.
He's a high school student.
She glowered at him.
I think fondly of my childhood.
I don't know the exact date.
He started to speak English.
As soon as we are born, the world gets to work on us and transforms us from merely biological into social units.
I can play the guitar.
I have no more time to talk with you.
Our friend lost her mum.
She told me about her teacher.
My boss was forced to resign.
His real name is Tom.
Knock on the door of happiness.
May I borrow this CD?
That was so dangerous! Fortunately, I narrowly escaped a disaster.
He makes good use of his talents.
She is weak by nature.
Do you have a garage?
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
We tried all means possible.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
You have many books.
Over the holidays I didn't do anything.
He became a famous singer.
That is not entirely wrong.
He went back to the dorm as soon as he finished class.
Tom is a good friend of Mary's.
Do you have grandchildren?
Please send me a letter as soon as you arrive.
Is there a bank near the station?
I will eat the orange.
We have extra toothbrushes.
The construction straddled two centuries.
When will you finish your work?
Bread is made from wheat.
She didn't like her husband.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
There was a broken cup on the table.
I can become angry.
Who is reading?
That's the reason I moved to Boston.
Excessive choice results in the inability to choose.
I'll tell Tom you said that.
I asked the boy to throw the ball back.
The minute I have something to drink, I turn bright red.
This tie and that jacket go well together.
Do your gums bleed?
She's a blue-eyed Chinese Muslim.
We had an examination in mathematics today.
Tom demanded an explanation.
He and I are friends.
I am giving you a little gift.
Why don't you eat pineapple?
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
Do you have any coughing?
I'll try not to disturb you while you're studying.
You don't have to go getting so hairy about such a small thing.
I am from England.
Why are we wasting time with this?
Layla slept in the guest room.
Didn't you know that he passed away two years ago?
I'm telling you this confidentially.
I heard about them.
Her father passed away last week.
They've provided the library with a lot of books.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
He answered my question with a "no."
Where did you go for vacation?
Because of the snow storm, Tom and Mary were stuck in Boston.
She might come.
We found the front door locked.
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
Too much humility is pride.
Have you ever seen such a nice film?
My mother teaches flower arranging.
Many people have a dream.
Tom enjoys gardening.
I will leave everything about the party up to you.
He believes that he is a doctor.
I've been feeling sick for the last two days.
They went to Chicago by car.
Don't worry about others.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
Time flies.
He has contributed as well.
Fish have stopped living in this river.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
Please post this letter when you next go to the post office.
The Foreign Minister said that war was inevitable.
I need to go home a little early today.
His concert was great.
His brother is still taller in comparison.
I don't have it.
Did you buy a new car?
Don't forget to write to me.
I have just eaten lunch.
I just cut my finger.
I lead a busy life.
The puppets are controlled by wires.
We just managed to catch the last train.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
You must do it even if you don't want to.
Tom didn't want to do that.
I miss my children.
That's bullshit!
Tom isn't finished yet.
He divided his books into five categories.
Beijing welcomes you.
I need it as quickly as possible.
You must've been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
Dick plans to go by himself.
We observed this plant closely for a few weeks.
What exactly happened there?
Where did you learn Italian?
Would you please have a look at these papers?
Don't bother Mary; she's in a rotten mood at the moment.
Let's be frank in this question.
Mary did that even though she knew it was dangerous.
I went into the air force.
Do you like going to school?
Call Tom immediately.
I'll lend you my textbook.
Are you sure they can do this?
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
I got a call from him.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
The shop is open from Monday to Saturday.
Don't sit here if you're not going to play poker with us.
In the London underground there is a warning to "mind the gap" when boarding the train.
I'm a detective.
That 'Ayumi' kid, only 13 but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five.
The price is reasonable.
It's a good question.
Do you want to go there?
I think he is something of a poet.
Tom probably won't do that alone.
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.
This is a crucial point.
Suits me fine.
You remember it better than I do.
Are there many people?
They came all the way from Brazil.
When we're children, everything around us looks so big.
I've eaten it.
I am sorry to trouble you.
My room is very untidy. I must put it in order.
Why don't you quit Facebook?
An interesting proposition is raised in your book.
Could you exchange rooms with me?
If you want to lose weight, then you need to control your appetite.
After dinner, I did my homework.
He lost control.
Hi, how are you?
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
Tom doesn't know where Mary comes from.
Do you have a lot of pens?
Can anyone here speak Mandarin?
Nice car!
There wasn't any furniture in that room.
She gave me a strange look.
I lay down to rest.
The baby has finally stopped crying.
I hope that it rains tomorrow.
His paintings seem strange to me.
He wrote a letter dealing with the matter in all seriousness.
Tom wondered where Mary had learned French.
The average height of the girls in class is over 155 centimeters.
Do college students buy iPad or Macbook?
I've never heard Tom speaking French before.
He can run faster than me.
She seems rich.
We are human.
Good luck!
Do these children have any parents?
My flat is like yours.
The source also said that the Duchess of Cambridge feels "fulfilled" by her achievements over the last twelve months.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
He continued reading the book.
I'm drinking water in the kitchen.
Sami is in the process of moving again.
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor.
You have a little fever today, don't you?
It's not my fault!
She has a flower in her hand.
Her feelings are easily hurt.
I invited him to the party and he accepted.
Try it.
They decided to end the discussion.
I can hardly see without my glasses.
It's five minutes to ten.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom is old enough to go to school.
It is by this reason that he left school.
He has a house of his own.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
School is over at 3:30.
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.
It's my duty to help you.
Austria is one of the largest producers of electricity in Europe.
I'm seriously too busy, so I can't come tonight.
The accident happened two years ago.
He always keeps his word.
Tom picked up the book.
I'd like to see you tomorrow.
I'd like to go to the zoo.
Ever since she fell in the kitchen, she hasn't been all there.
How did your test go?
I want to see this movie.
Taro has a really strong sense of responsibility.
This is too big.
What number bus do I take to get to Waikiki?
Tom didn't do it for money.
I'm Alan Tate, Terry Tate's son.
I can't live without you.
Can you take a picture of us?
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.
I live in Osaka.
PARENTAL ADVISORY: If your children use TATOEBA to study languages, please take the time to search any choice words you wouldn't want them to read - and don't be shy! You won't believe some of the uncensored filth they allow on here, since they feel "language is language."
He is confined to bed now.
Don't forget to send the letter.
Do you believe ghosts exist?
Anger is a form of madness.
I have some money.
Curtains and carpets were renewed.
There is an error in this sentence.
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.
Tell that to Tom.
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.
Come and see me whenever you like.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
I have to study for the test.
In comparison, taking the train is cheaper.
What she bought was very expensive.
In comparison with Tokyo, London is small.
There's nothing else we can do.
Dorothy isn't in the office.
That book is very old.
I sold my old car online.
I have to go to the toilet.
This can also cause lung cancer.
Can the price be discounted?
Why am I still here?
I'm from Tokyo.
I just saw a shooting star.
I'm in this for the kids.
What did you do with those books?
Tom is very angry now.
Jim got down from the tree.
Turn left at the first light.
Parents are responsible for their children's education.
He does not, in short, write with the candor of a man who is completely confident of his thesis.
He didn't study at all.
You must wait for the next bus.
She has 2,000 books.
He doesn't come to school often.
I miss you badly.
He has endured sacrifices for the United States that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
I like this color, too.
He finally achieved his goals.
You can't park around here.
Tom left for school at 7:30.
Do you want pepper on it?
Bill called me last night.
Computers make people stupid.
I am busy now and can't play with you.
Please tell me who you gave your old textbook to.
This poem was originally written in French.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him.
The year 2014 has arrived.
I had no idea that Mary was your sister.
Cut the cake with that knife.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
This is my dictionary.
What are the chances of that happening?
That's your opinion.
I'm hoping that'll happen.
She married Tom last month.
Dan had started calling Linda almost a year before they met up.
That only happens in the movies.
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.
She didn't tell me her secret.
This book's main topic is the American revolution.
If you should die, what would become of your family?
He often sits for many hours reading books.
Tom nodded.
I can't keep up with Tom.
Do transgender people need to continuously use hormones to maintain their sexual characteristics?
Mary's going to be busy tomorrow.
From childhood I was fond of reading, and all the little money that ever came into my hands was laid out in books.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
In consequence of a new agreement between two competitors, we need to readjust our strategies.
Fashion is not my specialty.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
I spent no more than three dollars.
Seen from the Moon, Earth resembles a ball.
Take care not to catch a cold.
We died.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
He told us he couldn't eat peanuts.
I cannot help thinking that my son is still alive.
He liberated the people from bondage.
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.
Tom and Mary ran as fast as they were able to.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher's classmates and friends.
He says that he will lend me the book when he is done with it.
Mix the rice, egg and soy sauce.
You should've woken me.
The audience seems to feel bored.
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were kids.
He got up at five as usual.
Let me see it.
Sorrrry. I couldn't sleep last night, and so I overslept. Teehee!
You'd better go home.
She complained about my low salary.
The clothes at this boutique are particularly expensive.
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan.
Hangzhou is a beautiful city.
I saw a dog. The dog held a piece of meat in its mouth.
Stop pulling your sister's hair.
Mother has a coffee shop.
She accused me of telling a lie.
We are on our own.
I know where he lives.
You did a good job.
He has phoned me.
That was you, wasn't it?
Time flew.
Tom took a step back and fell.
I had some trouble in finding his house.
Please find the area of the triangle.
I want to have fun.
He did not die of cancer.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom won't know what to do.
I remember the man's face but I can't call his name to mind.
Would you like a tour?
It was rather easy for them.
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
The cost of living has risen.
There are no real visions.
I guess my job is pretty undramatic.
The train passed by us.
Guilherme is from Brazil. He is Brazilian.
She knit him a sweater.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.
Many people work in industrial towns.
Do you want me to turn off the lights?
The Olympics are starting today. What are you feeling?
He grew up in a little village.
This is a pencil.
I want two cats.
Are there any books under the desk?
He traveled all over the world.
We help each other out.
I'm a special person? Thanks. ;)
He is always forgetting things.
Is it okay if I take a break?
Tom accused Mary of not being honest.
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.
Tom is a consummate professional.
You can come home.
I wish to visit Egypt someday.
No music, no life.
What's your favorite anime character?
Mary isn't as beautiful as her younger sister.
I'll ring you in a few days' time.
I am studying at Juana's house.
Does anybody want coffee?
He's in hospital.
Why can Taro speak English so well?
He has been in Hokkaido before.
I have a cough.
The plan was carried out.
Are you free now?
I believe the medium size will fit you better.
This book is so cool.
She likes music very much.
We apologized.
Everybody gets a second chance.
Tom needs protection.
I've heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.
I am sure the situation will take a turn for the better.
Their quarrel sprang from misunderstanding.
Will it be much longer?
It's true.
I was going to work here all day.
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.
They both got in the car.
Tom isn't the only one here who's a good singer.
The picnic was cancelled due to the rain.
I have honey thighs.
I wish I knew where he was!
We exchanged pleasantries, and chatted cordially about news in the team, and he moved the conversation naturally on to the main topic.
Do you believe in God?
"I've found a way to make him really jealous." "Oh, do tell!"
Bob, help me carry his luggage to the living room.
I'll deal with this problem as soon as I can.
All the members made much of her opinion.
I know that you're a teacher.
He has asthma.
He wants to go to Africa.
Are you friends with him?
Here goes nothing.
I turned it off.
Greek is difficult.
You mean everything to me.
This is a great type of cure.
I can't find my wallet.
There are rats in the kitchen.
We just don't have enough time.
Beauty is but skin deep.
I will be busy this afternoon.
To my horror, the man took a gun out of his pocket.
Jane and I play the piano well.
When are you returning to your country?
Is it yours?
He drools.
"What is ‘The Hunger Games’?" "I don't know. I hope it's not about people who are hungry."
Is there a speed limit?
Don't get in the car.
You're just like a fool!
If you've got something to say, say it.
I sustain my family.
Tom said that Mozart was his favorite composer.
What planet are you from?
Interlingua is an international auxiliary language developed between 1937 and 1951 by the IALA (International Auxiliary Language Association). Its vocabulary and grammar is chiefly derived from five control languages: English, Spanish, Portuguese, French, and Italian.
I am afraid of flying.
Did you read any Spanish today?
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.
Terrible!
He is just pulling your leg.
You're reading.
Tom is a Christian in name only. He never goes to church.
There is a pair of worn red stockings in the drawer.
Only 3 out of the 98 passengers survived.
Your way of looking at criticism and self-criticism is not right.
Edinburgh's Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
The judgement went against the government.
He scolded his son for being lazy.
Do you know anybody who's been to Australia?
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places.
I can never make my son to eat any vegetables.
I had a long talk with her.
Who are those guys?
Tom is your age.
Tom asked me for my number.
It really is unforgettable for me! Thank you!
Tom is a real good man.
I believed that he would keep his promise.
We have to do something, Tom.
Tom didn't know how to control himself.
The number of cars driven in the city has increased.
Why do you say that?
Allan is a poet.
An idea not properly analyzed is not worth exploiting, just as a life without self-judgment is not worth living.
Be quiet, or the baby will wake up.
Was Tom with you?
Why don't we order pizza?
My car broke down this morning and won't be repaired until Friday.
I plan to go to America next year.
I need to go to the library.
He ate all of the apples.
The poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
You're doing it right.
They're chatting.
Does Tom have health insurance?
She has three brothers.
Our surplus has swelled by nearly ten percent in this quarter.
The horse is black.
Is Mike off the bottle?
Another!
England expects that every man will do his duty.
I don't have a prejudice against foreign workers.
This really is great weather.
He is respected by everyone.
She doesn't listen to me.
To hide the fact that she's a princess, she disguised herself as a boy and escaped the palace.
I made him paint the house.
I went swimming in the river yesterday.
You can't buy happiness.
Ken has never visited Kyoto.
We often play chess.
It is easy to add 5 to 10.
I'm under so much pressure, I just want to cry.
The men followed him.
The bus was behind schedule.
Do you drink water?
More than half of my books were destroyed by the fire last night.
Green looks good on Alice.
He is taller than his little brother.
I started already.
He never touched wine.
Prospectuses must be signed by two sponsor representatives.
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.
You're tired, aren't you?
Have you forgotten your German lesson?
She carried that habit to her grave.
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
It's all Tom's fault.
Two teas and a coffee, please.
We disputed for hours about what to write.
We weren't at home yesterday.
That's my final answer.
He is very afraid of his mother.
She is always at the bottom of the class.
This is the time he normally arrives.
I'd like to leave a message for Tom.
She's wearing the hat you gave her.
His teeth are white like a pearl.
They fought for the sake of their country.
I have a dictionary.
Those two are arguing again.
Suddenly, he took out a ring, kneeled on the ground, and asked me to marry him.
I will sleep until it is half past eight.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
He told me to speak more slowly.
How did you arrive at this conclusion?
It is about ten minutes' walk to the station.
Can I have a free ride, please? My wallet was stolen.
You have to get this work finished by noon.
This is my comment.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I'll clean up the kitchen later.
You are taller than me.
Have you tasted the rice?
I bought a computer of the best quality.
Tom doesn't like chess.
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged.
What time are you going to work?
You are to observe traffic rules.
You have a telephone.
Is there anything you can do?
If your friend reminds you kindly of your faults, take what he says not only pleasantly, but thankfully.
When did you go there?
She's collecting material for a book.
The nurse gently put a bandage around my head.
We are not afraid of you.
You study Chinese history.
Everything depends on it.
He explained how the accident came about.
His childlike laugh is charming.
He is reading a book.
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
Can you fetch the children from school?
Don't you dare.
He is wrong, isn't he?
The bike parked over there is my brother's.
Whatever game I play with you, you never win.
He has strange ideas.
Why did you stay?
I wrote five letters before I went to bed.
If today was Sunday, I would go fishing.
He works from morning until night.
I bought a new schoolbag today.
Thanks for sharing your story with me.
The change is too small to be observed.
He spread his arms, as though wanting to embrace the world.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
I called at Nancy's house on my way home from school.
Well, of course, I did that.
He hates cleaning his room.
We should call the doctor.
He's a biologist.
Some people believe in God and others don't.
Where were these scholars at before this?
We had a meal after noon.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read it.
Could you cancel my reservation?
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
While he was waiting for the train, he listened to music and sent text messages.
Where do I get the subway?
It doesn't matter what you think.
Tom and Mary hugged each other.
I'm incredibly tired.
It rarely snows here in the winter.
His hopes faded.
After running up the hill, I was completely out of breath.
I wonder if I should answer his letter.
There will definitely be a good-hearted person to take you away.
Tom looked worried about the result of an English test.
I usually get up very early.
There is a metro in Kazan.
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.
I want to participate.
Moscow is the capital of Russia.
I asked him point-blank.
Don't forget to take an umbrella in case it rains.
I want to buy a few pairs of trousers.
He can speak English and French.
Tom is a professor of Chinese literature.
Thai is the official language of Thailand.
I like your advice.
Tom said Mary wasn't done.
Layla is Sami's new kindergarten teacher.
He isn't able to buy a car.
How long will you stay in Japan?
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.
Even though he explained to me over and over again the meaning of this poem, I still don't get it.
The school's closure was due to the snow.
You worry about your weight too much.
You could say it that way, but it's quite vulgar.
You ought to have been more careful.
I don't have enough time, hurry up!
I was three years old when Windows XP was released.
We should visit Australia again.
I have waited for you for a long time!
Everybody is waiting for you.
I hope that you will get well soon.
Who is the author of this story?
My comment sparked off an argument in the group.
It doesn't matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
If only she had been home when I called yesterday!
I don't get it.
In the teeth of their strong opposition, we carried out our plan.
This is their house.
I am praying in my room.
It's kind of in vogue, but the price is too much!
Will you go by train?
A foolish head makes for weary feet.
Lately there have been constant dance rehearsals; Performances will be on Friday and Saturday.
We don't have any secrets.
I don't know the meaning of this word.
Am I wrong?
I read the newspaper every morning.
Tom held up a finger.
I'll pick you up at your home.
Why's everyone looking at me?
I think you had better stick to your present job.
Are you afraid of heights?
O Romeo Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
I'm sorry. I came late.
Nobody knew where she was.
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
Obey your teachers.
Is Tom infected?
This is a sentence.
I am very glad to know you.
This area is famous for its handcraft business.
I love sports.
That's a pretty good idea.
Your behavior is creating a lot of problems.
Which browser are you using?
A devastating earthquake hit the state capital.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
Why don't you go home early today?
Sebatik Island is one of the regions where Indonesia and Malaysia share a border.
My predictions were accurate.
Draw me a sheep.
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
Let me in.
You must apologize to her for coming late.
I'm sore all over.
I'm weak in French.
The horse stopped and refused to go any further.
Man can't live without dreams.
The new sofa goes with the curtains.
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.
Grit your teeth and bear it!
Have you ever gone to Paris?
We walked for a long time.
She adores her older brother.
I liked Tom right away.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
You'd be surprised what you can learn in a week.
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
Who's eaten all the cookies?
We depend on you.
I agree.
How do you feel?
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities.
This table is heavy.
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
There is no water in the well.
I hear that she's a famous actress.
Do not play with the key.
I almost won.
Naples is a picturesque city.
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
The machine generates a lot of electricity.
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.
Tom was stealing money for the last two years, and Mary knew it all the time.
We've had lots of typhoons this fall.
She smiled at her baby.
I have just come back from school.
Adam was furious with me when I broke his watch.
I don't want to drink too much coffee.
What is the use of reading magazines?
Will you wait a minute?
Tell me more about Tom.
We need to get going.
He can drive a car now.
What do you want to buy for him?
I wasn't able to go to his birthday party.
A stranger stands in front of the room.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
Do you have a gift shop here?
I've got to shave before leaving.
Do you know how many people starve to death in the world annually?
The boys are asking questions.
There's a great view from the rooftop of that building. Want to go see?
I made his son a new suit.
I don't know who he is.
Thank you for sending me a nice card.
There is no doubt about it.
He is not the cheerful man he was.
You're going to wreck your eyesight if you play games all the time.
Bring me something to eat.
The weather is so nice!
She has this pretty lace nightgown with straps.
I know the feeling.
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
I took a day off last week.
You shouldn't have eaten so much ice cream.
He doesn't need to get up early.
Slavic languages fascinate me.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
It's not easy to distinguish good from evil.
Do you really want me to go there right now?
Who's worried about Tom?
The American police are in blue uniforms.
Do you want some tea?
Tom is our starting quarterback.
He shot an arrow at the deer.
As I told you before, you have to do that by yourself.
My mother is making me a birthday cake.
Chinese is not too difficult to learn.
I will pick you up around six.
You won't be late, will you?
I cut class.
He didn't go and I didn't either.
You have added a comment, not a translation. To add a translation, click on the "あ→а" icon above the sentence.
He's Austrian.
I can hardly understand what he says.
I'm a little busy now.
The food at this hot pot restaurant tastes really good. Let's come here again next time.
The car is exceeding the speed limit.
You should read many books when you are young.
He must be very angry to say such a thing.
I enjoy the history of literature.
I'm new here.
Mary isn't like the other girls.
This is a picture of my family.
This really is a nice surprise.
Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
I got your fax the other day.
It's none of his business.
The terrible scene made him shudder.
Tom went into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee.
I don't want to stir up old memories.
Japanese women get married at 25 on average.
I am thirty.
I remember what he said.
Don't panic!
Both my parents are dead.
We are in the age of nuclear energy.
I won't see him anymore.
Tom had a drink in his hand.
Sami had Layla perform oral sex on him.
Thanks for your hard work.
She achieved great success in her business.
It is possible that you have already read this book.
An honest man never steals money.
I'm to blame for it.
At least tell me where you're going.
Why didn't you do that?
Please wash my back.
I know the truth.
Do I know why eyes are on the front?
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
I think it necessary for you to study harder.
On seeing this, I can't help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
My mother doesn't wake up early.
Something is happening in Boston.
He has made a fortune through hard work.
Faster, higher, stronger.
How are you going to help Tom?
Please tell me how I can get in touch with him.
I know nothing about her.
How far is it to Brno?
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
The fish he caught yesterday is still alive.
"Next time," he said.
Don't let Tom lie on the floor.
They abandoned their country.
All these books are mine.
I used to go out with friends every weekend.
The problem isn't Tom.
I thought I had all the answers.
This is the most massive structure I've ever seen.
When I heard that song, it reminded me of my childhood.
Tom has gained weight.
She left for London yesterday.
Do as I say.
I continued singing.
What are you looking for?
You helped Mommy?
He's strange sometimes.
Drive safely.
It won't be easy to find someone capable of taking his place.
They make good use of their rooms.
I think the time is right to introduce this product.
Love is seeing her in your dreams.
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
Do you have a lot of money on you?
Ken lighted the candles.
I was feeling the same.
Who is looking after the dog while you are away?
No matter how much I consider it I do not understand.
Would you mind explaining this?
You may get a serious disease.
She kept him waiting half an hour.
Don't forget to flush the toilet.
She waited and waited, but he never returned.
Would you like to drink anything?
"I saw her five days ago," he said.
Both Tom and Mary can speak French.
He misses Boston.
I wonder why nobody told me.
Had it not been for your courage, you would have been killed.
If you don't behave, Santa won't come.
The kettle is boiling.
Maybe I will have to spend my entire life in prison.
The ages of the two children put together was equivalent to that of their father.
This is bizarre.
Which one of the two brothers did you see?
You two bored foetuses!
I go shopping every other day.
Who is that boy running toward us?
Could we meet again?
We have space for two beds.
Ok. Where do you live?
I'm going to buy a dog tomorrow.
Are you disappointed?
Why did you use up all the money?
Please reconfirm the reservation by March 10.
She thought that I was a doctor.
He is asleep.
I am a student, but he isn't.
It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
I'm interested in Asian history.
She is just a child.
Is this your umbrella?
Recycling paper is very important.
The rivers were flooded by the heavy rain.
Be kind.
I have a bath every day.
He likes watching baseball games on TV.
I live in Tashkent.
Did he pass the exam?
You'd better eat!
Sixty-nine percent of adult Americans are either overweight or obese.
People should be the masters of their own destinies.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
No wonder he is so angry.
Just say yes.
Smoking is not allowed in this room.
He works hard.
Few things are more enraging to me than the sight of an animal being beaten.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Tom didn't come after all.
Have your goals changed?
They ate sandwiches for lunch.
It was with my friends that I went out.
We only make Uighur food.
I had a bad dream last night.
Not all of us were satisfied with the system.
A year has 12 months.
You should be kind to others.
These gloves are Tom's.
He was mad because he was not invited.
A spark caused the gunpowder to explode.
You have no fever.
You are the only one who can help us.
He always wears blue shirts.
You are the fastest.
Where is the tourist information office?
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be intoxicated.
Tom walked Kate home.
This soap is infused with natural fragrances.
It's a present for you.
You live here.
He is our boss, and must be treated as such.
Today's mission: milk tea with mochi.
Tom said he was happy to do that.
I'm behind him.
English is still a foreign language to me, even though I speak it every day.
I bath every night.
It is this window that he broke.
Before you go out remember to check the gas is turned off.
Mary doesn't like sleeping alone.
Does Tom have a job?
I know what I'm doing.
She is capable of teaching English.
Why is your skirt so short?
He stopped for a quick cigarette.
Many lost their homes after the earthquake.
In fact she lied.
Don't stand in front of me!
It's pitch black.
She wants to work at the hospital.
Tom changed into his uniform.
My father is a teacher.
I'll stop speaking to you in French.
I heard someone calling my name.
Toss it into the rubbish.
He tossed the ball towards the wall.
I can't leave.
I like apples better than oranges.
She grows tomatoes in her garden.
Can you speak French well?
The matter can't be changed. No matter how hard we try, everything is fruitless.
Could you lend me the book?
I don't have an excuse.
When will you go to Armenia?
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.
Where did they find it?
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country.
Do you have any idea who would do this?
When did you get to know Tom?
It might sound far-fetched, but this is a real problem.
It will clear up soon.
My uncle works in this office.
Don't talk so loud.
Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.
I'm completely soaked from the rain. Can you drive over and pick me up right now?
Has he finished his homework yet?
How was your test?
I'm going to go tell Tom.
I promised myself that I would never do that again.
He has been sick for a week.
I feel hungry.
She may have been beautiful when young.
Without water, you could not live.
I don't want to wake the children up.
Listen!
Autumn came and the leaves started to fall.
I don't understand Hungarian, sorry.
I've never been abroad before.
Tom began laughing.
The bouncer asked to see her I.D.
He is not an American.
What does he do on Saturday afternoons?
There's nobody here.
Tom kept me waiting all afternoon.
Tom should be fired.
Tom doesn't celebrate Christmas.
The rocks are weathered into fantastic forms.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He sat listening to the radio.
They arrived at the hotel.
Tom and Mary didn't know where they should go.
A mugger robbed him of all of his money.
You look sleepy.
She is going to Bob's.
That's too much!
How many teachers are there at your school?
He is getting along with his employees.
The balance of public opinion remains in his favor.
Where are we assembling?
He is in London on business now.
Japan is not as big as Canada.
I'd like to eat.
I'm going to make you a drink.
The workers didn't get their basic wage.
What're you reading?
He is concerned about his father's illness.
I've lost my pen.
There were a lot of people at the concert.
What sports do you like?
If you look around, you'll see many people doing the same thing.
The result is opposite to our expectations.
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
She studies 24 / 7.
Maria asked me to help her in mathematics.
If you don't know the answers, guess.
Tom's kids were in the attic.
Can I get a refund for this train ticket?
I don't like traveling with lots of luggage.
She is not the founder, she's the investor.
There are no tables in the room.
It's obvious why his stomach hurts.
He had never seen such a bad boy.
Do you have a menu in English?
I just couldn't say no.
Don't you have a television?
The square of 5 is 25.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
If you use this modern equipment, it will save a lot of manpower.
Her idea is better than yours.
I owe him my life.
Tom clapped his hands.
The politician didn't appear in public after the incident.
Could you come and see me tomorrow?
She assigned the work to him.
I don't feel like going out.
Good to know.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.
Please give me a call.
Where did all the money go to?
This tape recorder is not new.
Why don't you stay here?
It's very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
I'm short of cash.
The price of rice has tumbled.
I do not like you.
How?
The clouds opened and the sun shone through.
Would you like some bread for lunch?
He will succeed to the throne.
The old man starved to death.
I want a box.
The girl waiting for that boy is a friend of mine.
Too good to be true.
He's two years my junior.
As it is very hot today, I don't feel like studying.
What's the climate there like?
Tom has a tattoo of a skull on his chest.
She likes rain and snow.
That was beyond my comprehension.
I had breakfast in pajamas.
Could you sign here, please?
I can't eat raw eggs; they must be cooked.
We know very well where our developments will take us. Besides, in the team, everyone does as he pleases.
I meant to call her, but I forgot to.
There isn't a place in this market that isn't lively.
One day in October, when Sadako awoke, she found her mother crying.
Tom filled out the application form.
The plane made a perfect landing.
She disliked her husband.
There is little water in the pond.
Pretend you're me.
This is a kind of watermelon.
I don't see any point in persuading him.
We regard him as an important man.
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
You must not eat too much.
Is he a good teacher?
My grandfather sometimes talks to himself when he's alone.
Before the fire engine arrived, the whole house was burnt down.
Tom is older than I.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
They said it belonged to them.
Cabbage can be eaten raw.
Has he already come?
My sister resembles my mother.
I felt my hands tremble.
That's the part I liked best.
I've got things under control.
This medicine will make you feel better.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
I am an only child.
The post office is a few minutes' walk from here.
Did you leave the window open?
Would you be able to take a picture of us?
I will get you a bicycle for your birthday.
Tom is a decent sort of guy.
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?
Are there bigger carrots?
How many friends do you have on Facebook?
Who's your favorite photographer?
I was lonely without her.
We want to hear it.
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
I'm jumping to the worst-case scenario.
I'm not too smart.
This chair is too small.
Tom is talking.
I wrote a letter.
May is my favourite month.
Don't be a slave to money.
Are you saying you don't want to go to Tom's party?
I thought you had to get up by 7:30.
Our village is not short of water.
I have to paint it.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the entire day.
She's a tough competitor, isn't she?
Carol returned to her hotel.
Do you have any plans for Saturday?
I saw them swimming.
I stayed at home.
The problem is that you're too young.
The accident took place on the highway.
I am determined to carry out this plan.
That's good, isn't it?
This movie is starting to get really interesting.
She finished writing a letter.
With her help, my French improved little by little.
Share out the sweets between you.
Ann gave me this present.
Tell him to come.
I made it for the first time.
Do you have any other questions?
What did you talk about?
I am fond of Australian food.
That car is quite new.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Who are you referring to?
I'll stay here for a bit.
It's hailing.
Tom isn't the only one who plans to stay.
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy, which costs money and creates pollution.
Ken's dog is very big.
She was injured in a fall.
Dan bought a new computer.
I think I'll be able to deal with that.
Should I be late, don't wait for me.
Chips with mayonnaise is delicious!
It's not a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
Uyghur is a Turkic language.
Cats are smart.
I'll pay you the money tomorrow.
She will give birth to a child next month.
I stayed at his place yesterday.
Do you like this place?
This cucumber is very long!
First of all, the level of the ocean could rise, because ocean water expands as it grows warmer.
When in a bus, I always sit at the front.
Where's your mom?
I noticed a pattern.
Clear water breeds no fish.
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.
I was compelled to follow her.
The rain stopped.
Tom sang a song.
Where is the language school?
I took the lift to the third floor.
When I saw the picture, I remembered the story.
I hope your wishes will come true.
I was abducted by aliens.
I considered changing my job.
Where will the bus pick us up?
I don't think this sponsor is very suitable.
As the saying goes: Speech is silver, silence is gold.
My father is retiring next spring.
Tom's happy.
Are you certain about this?
Of course, I can't tell Tom.
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.
I've never lived on a farm, but both of my parents grew up on farms.
My brother is a first-year student.
The children need you.
How much money did you save?
I used to swim here every day.
The refrigerator is dirty.
We all felt embarrassed to sing a song in public.
There's no doubt about it.
Between you and me, he has a shallow way of thinking.
That's where the problem is.
You hid behind the tree.
Tom didn't go there yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary are both drunk.
This book isn't worth reading.
We were at my aunt's last week.
You can have this watch for nothing.
I often go out with friends in the evening.
Looks aren't everything.
I have a good idea.
Nothing is as precious as love.
Why is your name circled?
She has had to stay here.
Can't you just switch channels?
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
I study English.
I'm washing the dishes.
Are you going to buy a dictionary?
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
I'll wait here till he comes back.
He has investigated the possibility of cooperation.
There are many regrets in a person's life. It's not possible to do everything well.
He's washing his car.
What is the theme of his latest novel?
I would like to hear you play the piano.
Tom wasn't wearing glasses.
Come with us.
Yesterday you broke the window.
I'm sure that she's correct.
They talk as though they were old friends.
That white dress looks good on you.
It's almost time to go to bed.
Smoking is prohibited on the train.
Yours is over there.
Can I have a look at the magazine?
There are many different people in Europe.
Mary is very sorry for what she's done.
She's scribbling away again.
I went out in spite of the rain.
We are six people.
I will never speak to you again.
You're not Canadian, are you?
It's for you to decide.
Others are hell.
Do you speak Kurdish?
He has recovered from his bad cold.
The firemen quickly extinguished the blaze.
Your pen is better than mine.
I have to go now.
He shut the door behind him.
How was the food?
If you run into Mr. Lang, don't forget to ask him how his wife is doing.
We talked about it all night.
You should not go alone.
Breathing was difficult.
The fork is missing.
My wife likes apple pie a lot.
I am a student.
I have seen the film before.
Hanako has forgotten her umbrella again.
It was not until Chikako left me that I realized how much I loved her.
Do you think this thing is cute?
You had better not smoke so much.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
His doctor advised him to quit smoking.
I want much more.
I know your son.
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
This is a difficult problem to solve.
You're lucky to have such a good job.
Everyone loves McDonald's.
Tom and Mary don't know how John will do that.
Do you need to work on Sunday?
You had better not go there again.
I got robbed.
They are having a really good time.
Tom and Mary can both speak French.
He hasn't come yet.
I intended to go, but forgot to.
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.
Almost half the men in Great Britain regularly give chocolate to their partner, especially for their birthday.
This suit seems really expensive.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Kobe is famous for its port.
Please give me her address.
Nobody came to the party.
Go upstairs and bring down my trunk.
The storm caused a lot of damage.
She won't have to do that by herself.
His goal in buying land is to build a house.
Would you like some more beer?
Someone stole my wallet on the train.
He is the tallest of his class.
Do you like chocolate?
The job offer still stands.
How did you come by such a job?
I'm extremely fat.
What she bought there was a camera.
Do you enjoy your vocational field?
The whole neighborhood was surprised at the news.
I found the boy fast asleep.
Do you need the keys?
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
This might not be a genuine diamond.
He was only bothered about concrete questions.
It's time to go.
Who is your favourite TV star?
He showed us his mother's picture.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
He is a teacher at our school.
He finally came to his senses.
I don't know how to say it, let alone you!
I have a lot of work to do tomorrow.
Sami really didn't expect that from Layla.
It was discovered by Tom.
The night was cold.
I'm giving you one last chance.
Jane is the president's secretary.
One of the great superstitions about education is that learning is the result of teaching.
Tom forgot to buy toothpaste.
The school's tallest structure is that water tower.
Do you have any idea where Tom could be?
We had a heavy fog in London.
Narcissists are often snobbish, disdainful and patronising of others' opinions, while, at the same time, having an overwhelming need for admiration and reassurance.
If you can sing, that's good enough.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
This depleted his financial resources.
I felt bad.
Tom hid in the shed.
When was the last time you walked barefoot on a meadow?
Don't make noise when you eat soup.
It's not as hard as you think.
We'll have guests tomorrow.
Let me go my own way.
Tom didn't buy any bread.
For some reason, I feel sleepy when I start studying.
Her footsteps fell ponderously on the wooden floor.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"
We like you.
I haven't baked bread in a long time. How about we bake a little today?
The parcel arrived faster than I thought it would.
Mary spoke Japanese slowly.
My son is not at home, he is at school.
She has become a postwoman.
I think he isn't Chinese.
Come and enjoy the sunlight.
Esperanto's grammar is very simple.
He was born in a palace that isn't there any more.
Who does this guitar belong to?
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
What is he talking about?
Tom couldn't hear what the teacher was saying because all of the other students were making so much noise.
You have a wonderful voice.
Trouble began immediately.
She got the ticket for nothing.
I have absolute trust in you.
You should look after the children from time to time.
This is an innovative solution.
I'm not busy either.
He was forced to work overtime.
Everyone around the area works hard.
Peter was an altruistic video game player; he would give items to people who needed them, rather than selling them for personal profit.
Come as you wish!
Music is her passion.
Cool down.
She's fluent in English.
I am quite comfortable in this room.
I like red roses.
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie!
You had better not stay up late.
He let me leave the room.
You are so full of crap!
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
Go drive your car to work.
Tom needs to speak to Mary.
Let's call the dog Skipper.
Can you teach me English?
This child jumped onto the bed.
Do you take me for a fool?
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
The picture brought back a lot of memories.
Please give me something hot to drink.
I have an allergy to milk.
He is sometimes absent from school.
The dog is white.
My view was different from his as to what should be done.
Somebody must've seen what happened.
He may not be happy.
I can't do it.
He is not stupid.
No one can stand you!
This is your pudding.
The Beatles consisted of four musicians.
Do you have a pair of tweezers?
I was the last one to see Tom.
Is your girlfriend Russian?
Lend me your dictionary, please.
Life's short, so I use Python!
How often do you use your phone?
How many people did you send invitations to?
I think you're hungry.
He asked my mother.
She follows the latest craze.
They're homosexual.
White to play and win.
There is a room where children play. You can take your child there.
I'm going to take my car.
He can scarcely write his name.
No one is perfect.
I'd like to be a millionaire.
Gotcha!
I'm a colleague of Tom's.
I doubt that Tom intentionally did that.
I think you'll like it, too.
He was too old to swim.
I guess that's how Tom found me.
My plane leaves at six o'clock.
It was winter.
Tom is there already.
Bear in mind what he said.
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
It's just that because he hasn't made something of himself, his father won't look at him.
There are two things in the world that cannot wait: 1. Filial piety, 2. Doing good.
I fancy some tiramisu.
The secretary was dismissed.
But he wanted a son very much.
They will help us.
Wake me up at eight o'clock.
I found some money in the park.
I don't want Tom to see this.
I'll call Tom back.
It is cruel of him to say such things to her.
I'm Irish.
I broke a glass while I was cooking.
What is wrong with you?
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
I've bought an electric bicycle.
One should respect his teachers.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
Do you believe him?
I don't see much of him.
Do you want apple or peach?
I didn't believe him at first.
Our company is a limited company.
I overlooked the truth.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
I'm not tired right now.
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.
Tom and Mary are asleep in their rooms.
It is none of your business.
Someone is calling you.
Could you wrap this separately, please?
I would really like to know why he did such a thing.
I hear that he sold his house.
You need to leave.
How much are a dozen eggs?
I admit that I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
Where do you study?
She has put on weight recently.
I'm on holiday this week.
Tom regretted having wasted a great deal of his life.
She lives in London.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of that.
Mary said she wanted to buy something cheaper.
Where're Tom's things?
The customer and the salesman spoke for two hours on the phone.
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
I must be on my way.
I really want to see Tom again.
Tom told me he thought that Mary was terrified.
They didn't speak French very well.
Tom got to Boston yesterday.
The terrible scene sent shivers down his spine.
She said she was at home yesterday.
How long does it take to get from here to your house on foot?
Africa is a continent, but Greenland is not.
He got off at the next station.
Your question has no answer.
Stay out of my room.
She said she wasn't ready.
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.
I'll go with you when the end of the world arrives.
Tom is transgender.
Ask!
Who's working tonight?
I have chapped lips.
I clean up my room every Sunday.
If he didn't order this investigation, she could have flown under the radar for years.
The store sells fruit and vegetables.
He refused to shake hands with me.
At times I can't understand him.
Tom couldn't see anybody.
The rain washed away the soil.
Life isn't fair, is it?
I want to lose weight.
Let me die.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
A bird shat on my aunt's car.
They are eating their apples.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn't like to eat there.
They would've been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
The teacher severely reprimanded his pupils.
I don't think that he's right.
Thank you for your translation.
What's up with you?
Something did happen.
He returned home for the first time in ten years.
So, what happened this time?
The stream is not very swift.
If I had known about your illness, I could have visited you in the hospital.
What did you guys hide?
I still live at my dad's place.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
We're people.
Turn on the light please.
Why don't you want to tell us the truth?
I didn't even know Tom had left.
We work together.
I don't want it anymore.
He gives her everything she asks for.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
You talk too much.
That song was written by Tom.
Make a call.
It is wrong to cheat at cards.
Good morning, everybody.
The accident happened the day before yesterday.
Tom's talking to himself.
Millie isn't drinking water.
Good. Can you make long distance calls from the room?
Turn off the vacuum cleaner!
I've known Mr. Smith for many years.
Tom is serious now.
The Greeks invented a theoretical model of geometry.
Who likes insects?
What's the matter?
This jacket sets well.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
I ripped my pants.
You're still green.
We went swimming at the beach.
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.
Do you know what compound words are?
Who is going to speak tonight?
This telephone is out of order.
These books are not fit for young readers.
I intend to go to the barbershop.
Danger! High voltage.
He is totally immersed in family life and has no wish to work.
You're really not stupid.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
I hope you're telling me the truth.
Tom isn't a Jew.
They had nausea.
I'd like to go to the mall.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
I belong to the sailing club.
Today is the fifth.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
Six divided by two equals three.
Hurry home.
I have a brain tumor.
Tom might be right.
Uh...how does this work?
We lost the game.
Check that.
I'm hers and she's mine.
I just want someone to talk with.
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
My smartphone charger fell.
He's a student at this college.
I saw a group of foreigners on my way to school this morning.
I'm afraid that you misunderstood me.
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget.
Why did you do such a thing?
I have made a resolution to keep a diary this year.
Yummy!
The bill passed both Houses.
Let's go there.
What did you want to tell me?
They all went to the restaurant.
The accident was due to bad driving.
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired.
My dream is to become a pilot.
Is the bird alive or dead?
Rainwater is clean.
Seriously?
That's odd.
To thank you, here is a gift.
Esperanto is blatantly Eurocentric.
He's very much satisfied with the result.
Maria came on time.
Even if it rains, I'll go swimming tomorrow.
He thinks himself a great poet.
You speak Hungarian very well.
Tom is standing in the corner of the room.
Speaking English is not easy.
He travels across the sea.
Don't ask me anything.
To see is to believe.
There are daisies around the steel building.
They got married and settled near Boston.
I got a hole in my jeans.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
I looked around me.
I can't stand it any longer.
It's your birthday, isn't it, Yuri?
Isn't that mine?
Tom stole some money from his father's wallet.
Why's Tom allowed to do that, but I'm not?
Don't stutter!
Goodnight, Timmy.
You'd better take an umbrella with you today.
With the heirless king going crazy and royal family poisoned, the general of the army finally had his chance to usurp the throne.
Tom died in an accident.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
Why do you think that I'm thinking about you?
Ann has many friends.
Why should I study French?
The woman has a fever.
Do you have any cough medicine?
Horses are distinct from donkeys.
She likes to listen to music.
How's it going at school?
He wrote the letter with a fountain pen.
Tom used to wear glasses.
No matter whether it is cold or hot, when she goes out, she always brings a scarf.
Hang on a minute. There's quite a few black chess pieces over there.
I've got to try to find Tom.
Filth breeds illnesses.
I still believe in love.
I have less than five friends who can speak French.
Stop the car here.
I used to go fishing with my father when I was a child.
Sit down and rest for a while.
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
"Who is that girl?" "That's Keiko."
The girl walking with Ken is May.
I don't like using dildos, I prefer real cocks.
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
Bin lived in Singapore.
It rained and even snowed yesterday.
He asked me questions similar to those asked by many others.
Can you come over to my house tonight?
There is a monster under my bed.
Tom writes under the pen name "Jorg".
How long do you plan to stay?
Price reflects demand.
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.
How about calling it a day?
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.
Is somebody there?
Arthur isn't as happy as Mike.
He's a cook.
Tell Tom that he needs to apologize to Mary.
I bet my friend $100 that he wouldn't eat a live cockroach. I lost!
Our bodies respond to our feelings.
Now it's your serve.
Drive carefully!
You need two to make a pair.
My spoon is bigger!
Don't lie!
We have three kids.
Sami knew.
Tom paid me back the money he owed me.
We were waiting for the shop to open.
These shoes are uncomfortable to walk in.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
My sister became a college student.
More play will mean less time to study.
If it rains tomorrow, we won't go there.
To my surprise, there were no people in the village.
If I were rich, I'd go abroad.
Germany was eliminated by South Korea.
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don't want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
She fumbled with a piece of paper.
The bell rings at noon.
We are looking into the cause of the accident.
She doesn't seem to agree.
How do you say this word?
There are many people in the house.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
I can't give up my dream.
Your question doesn't have an answer.
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
She's starting to practice.
It looks like an egg.
The question was too difficult to answer.
She rides a motorcycle well.
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
I'll always remember your kindness.
I told them to send me another ticket.
Let me call you back later, OK?
This is the first time I have heard about it.
His socks are purple.
Tom has done that many times before.
I have lost my key.
I have hammers of different sizes.
I like spring the best of the seasons.
My whole body hurts.
I was taking a shower then.
My sister has a job.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
My father is going to make a good meal tomorrow.
He is a law student.
I think someone's knocking on the door.
Didn't you hear the doorbell?
I saw him reading a book.
There was a different kind of atmosphere in the headquarters.
The rat was killed by him with a stick.
Does this belong to Tom?
Plenty of snow had fallen overnight. The following morning, grandmothers and their grandchildren on sledges appeared in the streets, and in the afternoon, after school, snowball fights broke out in the park.
3 cubed is 27.
Money cannot buy happiness.
I think what you say is true.
Doctor, cure me.
When I got home, I was very hungry.
I know you are rich.
Surely he can not enter a second time into his mother's womb to be born!
I must ask you to do just that.
That's a church.
Don't tell him.
He really wants to be Muslim.
He jumped out of bed.
Don't touch this with your dirty hands.
May you live long!
Hey, sir, the function on the blackboard is not exponential, but trigonometric.
Formerly this building was a hospital.
When I asked her a question, she gave me a cold look.
You like Bob more than Tom.
I hope we stay in touch.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
We saw the tower in the distance.
Hurry up!
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
This blouse is cotton.
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
I'll let you know when she arrives.
We had a heavy rain last night.
With the increase of cars, the air pollution has gotten worse.
I think that you're wrong.
Do you really want Tom to suffer?
I think there's a balance to be had.
He was expelled from school.
I live in Malta.
She still hasn't heard this news.
I'd like you to come back next week.
I can't wait to see you again.
We're going to start cooking, would you like to help?
I know that she has been busy.
I want to watch the film.
Grandmother's passing away came as a great blow to the entire family.
They're speaking French.
This year promises a good harvest of rice.
How many books do you read per month?
You're no match for him.
Do you mind my smoking here?
There was a heavy rain last night.
Today is the last day to pay tuition fees, and my credit card has no money on it.
I want to pay with a check.
Bob can drive a car, too.
It is not good for a scientist to get emotional.
The third quarter GNP growth was 1% over the preceding quarter.
Ten years after the wedding, everything is just routine.
He is at home today.
Was it cold yesterday?
I'm looking for the restroom.
He is something of a scholar.
I'm retired.
Our teacher told us what to read.
Where are you? I am in the garden.
He threw a ball over the fence.
She gave the boy what few coins she had in her purse.
I have no money, but I have dreams.
He is unlikely to come today.
I want to go to the skating rink.
By reading books and discussing concepts, a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas.
I don't have any money on me.
He is very depressed.
You will regret it!
I'd like a table by the window.
The woman glared at us.
I will leave when he arrives.
Promises aren't enough.
Tom says he left a note.
After a six month period, his leg was healed and is normal again.
He has a great sense of humour.
Tom was on the list.
I hope everyone is happy.
The clock has stopped.
I never dreamed of seeing you here.
She is taller than her mother.
He is sitting on two chairs.
If you have something to say, just say it.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
That happens every day.
Tom wrote down something in his notebook.
Would you like tea or coffee?
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
I want to meet your older sister.
Tom said he didn't want to waste time arguing.
Wipe your eyes.
May I try it on?
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling.
The doctor advised him to do more exercise.
She doesn't love me anymore.
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
You can sit anywhere you want.
You don't look so well.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.
Will you go in place of me?
Couscous is my favorite Algerian food.
You want to leave it like that?
My father has been to Australia twice.
He was named after his grandfather.
Tom can run fast.
You have to trust me.
It is like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Which one of these boys is Masao?
Stop that!
We don't have enough time.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that if I did.
Let's chase out corrupt politicians!
I waited for the bus in the snow as long as two hours.
Walk the dog, please.
I know she is very cute.
We're buddies.
We have to get at the truth of the matter.
There's no love without jealousy.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
I'm a girl.
I don't have a computer.
That's weird.
After washing, de-wrinkle it.
Tell us about what happened.
The pain has gone.
I'm such an unlucky guy.
I'd like to cash a travelers' check.
I gave her a doll in return.
During the probation period of my friend's new job, each month's salary is 3000 RMB; once the probation period has been fulfilled, each month's salary is 3500 RMB.
It works well.
There is much water in the pond today.
We're looking for him.
This word is difficult.
You'll understand later.
Those are their books.
The boys are noisy.
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
He is kicking me!
Tom became tired.
If only I could speak English as fluently as you!
Tom learned French.
I want something to drink.
Is your luggage heavy?
Safety is what matters most.
How did you know all that?
Don't go out after it gets dark.
In all fairness, he did do his best.
I won't work overtime today.
Police arrived at the grisly crime scene.
I don't quite agree with you.
One, three, and five are odd numbers.
The train leaves in ten minutes.
You're sloshed.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
Please take off your hat.
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
Let me sleep for another ten minutes.
He wrote to me from time to time.
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
Is she a taxi driver?
We often play cards on Sunday.
It cannot be denied that we cannot do without the telephone in our modern life.
Which station are you going to?
She put the key in her pocket.
Can you really swim?
Something must be wrong with the machinery.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
The beard does not make the philosopher.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
He would have succeeded had he tried.
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
I believe Tom expects too much from us.
The rumours were unfounded.
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.
Alright, let's settle on that one!
I retired last year.
I've finished reading that book.
Arabic is read from right to left.
He plays very well.
You're a month behind in your rent.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He has three times as many books as I have.
The state will build specially made bridges so that koalas and other wildlife can cross roads while avoiding cars and trucks.
What time's your plane?
I don't have an ear for music.
She left an hour ago so she should've arrived by now.
We need to mail them some stuff.
He should have bought a used car.
I'm glad you could come to the party.
What's your favorite soft drink?
Alex is nonbinary.
It wasn't in Paris that we met.
Could you drive more slowly?
He flew to Chicago, where he happened to see a friend.
Mary asked whose coat it was and I told her it was mine.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
This bridge looks secure.
Mine's bigger than yours.
We may need some.
I drink coffee in a cafe.
I solved the problem easily.
How many toilets does your building have?
I got a letter from a friend.
Say what?
How do you feel today?
I blame you.
Do whatever you think is right.
It is for advancing!
Learning French isn't hard.
Tell us your thoughts.
Don't say that.
He's a specialist in economics.
You can't save me.
Where does tram number 3 go?
Several thousand people became victims of this disease.
Tom has always been a bachelor.
I think we should change the topic.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
Tom is prepared to accept the consequences.
It's fine, just make sure you don't say that again.
Are you afraid to go to sleep?
You're the smartest person I know.
You should've come a little earlier.
Tom told me that he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
I will make it clear that I won't come again.
If you have time, please drop in on us.
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
I was told that I don't need to do that.
Mr David seems tired.
Does he have a chance in winning the election?
Give a thief enough rope and he'll hang himself.
I have known her since she was a little girl.
He died without having made a will.
Cheese is made from milk.
Swimming in the pond is dangerous.
I prefer football to baseball.
Tom should've visited Australia, but he didn't.
Looking at your Facebook friends' photos is a waste of time.
The coffee is very hot.
I hear that you play the piano.
Who's the boy swimming over there?
She looks like a teacher.
After a long argument, I finally persuaded her to go camping.
Ladies first!
I never drink beer.
Do you really not care that I'm going alone?
Wooden furniture is heavy.
Tom's door is open.
She insisted that it was my fault.
I work in a factory.
We all fell asleep.
I feel no sympathy for Tom.
It's not your problem.
I didn't know you were going to be here.
There is no table in the room.
Even chocolate contains vitamins.
Don't trust anyone here.
Let me take you home.
Do it now.
She traveled around the world last year.
The tracks run parallel to the road.
He who laughs last laughs best.
The old man lived by himself.
Put it out of your mind.
The light went out by itself.
She's in the kitchen.
This book is quite difficult.
My mother bought me a new dress.
She speaks relatively quickly.
I don't think that he's honest.
The natural world is always much more complex than formulations in the lab or blueprints in the design office.
He who would the daughter win, with the mother must begin.
You blockhead!
All human beings are born equal.
It will be fine this afternoon.
Raise your voice.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
He went by bicycle.
I really like travelling.
I am interested in Chinese religion.
Other people's expectations affect how we behave.
We want to go home.
If this is a dream, I will kill the man who wakes me up.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
I'll reconsider the matter.
I want an MP3 player!
I don't like being treated as a child.
I find it difficult to do all this work in a day.
The station is not far from here.
I can't follow his logic.
They fought for their liberty.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
I will be back late.
Tom is sure to come.
Do you want the green or the blue?
Did you carry out your plan?
It's not blood - it's ketchup.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.
This person is new to being an adult.
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
Have you ever read any Chinese poems?
The moon was full last night.
I have two children away at university.
There are many silent letters in English.
It is wrong to tell lies.
I would so love to see you.
Would you like to eat with us?
He has gone to London.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary used to live in Boston.
How dare you speak like that!
You let me down.
So as to avoid being late, we went by car.
The source of many of our mistakes is a lack of patience.
I thought it was true.
Did you receive my letter?
Take your hats off.
That is not my line.
Barbara was killed by Alister.
Tom is friendly to everyone.
Who taught you how to ski?
Yesterday I did not visit my parents, but I will visit them today.
You will be sorry for it some day.
They quarreled.
The train makes 20 miles an hour.
That's where the problem lies.
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world.
It's past eight.
Don't talk nonsense!
Tom makes big money.
Why can't you take things just as they are?
I've always wanted to do that.
I think he will never come back.
Yes!
Funny... Someone just added the sentence that I mentioned to you this afternoon.
Let me take your blood pressure.
We will endeavour to finish the job by the end of the week.
Where can you buy this?
I've been busy repairing things.
It's a very sad story.
You fucking bastard!
People die every day.
Tom has less money than his brother does.
I want to travel around the world.
I cannot speak Japanese.
I sold all my houses.
Why did you cry?
Whose idea was it?
Her son is a genius.
Tom confessed that he had killed Mary.
I found what I was looking for.
I really look forward to your visit in the near future.
I just don't know.
Cool off!
She testified that she saw the man.
I can't figure him out.
I just want to know what actually happened.
I go to the same school as Kenji.
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
I am eighteen years old.
The President spoke to the nation on TV.
It's raining hard.
I can't absorb all of the lesson in an hour.
Please drive carefully.
These boxes are heavy.
We teach you to speak English.
On Saturday, you don't need to come in to the office.
A woman should follow whatever her husband orders.
I love my wife.
He thinks he knows everything.
Tom works at home.
We're ready to leave.
Whose notebook is that?
No one is caring for this patient.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He bought her a sweater.
We ordered Chinese.
This is the house that Jack built.
You always work hard.
Tom had never seen Mary so busy.
My dream is to become a baseball player.
You're very sexy.
Our teacher demanded that we keep quiet.
He spoke to me when he saw me.
What are you watching?
What about going out for a meal?
The terrible scene made him tremble in fear.
Listen and listen carefully.
No risk, no reward.
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a.m. on the day of departure.
I don't need your sympathy.
I waited half an hour for my friend, but he didn't turn up.
I'm sorry, my father is out.
Have you already voted?
The other day something horrible happened in a Tokyo suburb.
Sami made a video.
Jim has not yet returned home.
Everybody knows her.
I can't sleep at all.
He's definitely somebody clever.
If you are not busy, why don't you come fishing with me this weekend?
Ten people were injured in the accident.
My older brother never takes our advice.
What does it contain?
This is my first time seeing a dentist.
Are you writing?
I worked all this week.
Her English is better than her French.
We won't go out unless it stops raining.
He is a slave.
The water in this river is very clean.
26 percent of American Jews have difficulty paying bills; this includes 55 percent of those making under $50,000 per year.
The weather is excellent today. Go for a walk.
Changing history is difficult.
Are you crying?
You had better go to the infirmary.
She took care of the children.
This sounds fishy.
Generally speaking, the climate of Japan is mild.
He that hears much and speaks not at all shall be welcome both in bower and hall.
He needs to talk to her himself.
Completely coincidentally, these two are still being repaired.
I got her to clean my room.
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met, additional wealth adds very little to happiness.
The train will arrive on time.
Go on with your work.
I think Tom probably likes you a lot.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
Please give me a piece of bread.
Whose fault is that?
I have a toothache.
This song is so moving that it brings tears to my eyes.
I don't remember the first time I met Tom.
There are no problems.
Fathers in cities spend eight hours in the office and another two hours traveling to and from their work on trains full of people every morning and evening.
All you can do is trust one another.
I would rather kill myself than reconcile myself to my fate.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
My daughter graduated from the university today.
If two men always have the same opinion, one of them is unnecessary.
Do you know who he is?
You're really something.
Never speak to me again!
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
He likes to swim.
Where shall I wait for you?
Any book will do.
These are our desks.
It's not something anyone can do.
I still have things left to do.
It makes no difference to me whether he comes or not.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
What do his words imply?
I am a journalist.
Shame on you guys.
You'll soon get used to speaking in public.
He has dubbed in "Avatar".
Please refrain from smoking in the elevator.
He will come into a large fortune.
This is Minghui's car.
I woke up at 2:30.
I opened the box and looked inside.
The check, please.
In 1807, Robert Morrison, the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou.
I perceive by your face that you have good news.
You have to abide by the laws.
We were all pretty shocked.
I understand.
If you want to criticise other people, first you must improve your own methods.
Tom is deceitful.
The sixth Prime Minister of Malaysia is Dato' Seri Najib Abdul Razak.
Femdom is short for Female Domination.
He passed his property on to his son.
He would be very glad to hear the news.
I think it's very difficult.
Quit while you are ahead.
I'm not so sure Tom is wrong.
I know everything that you've done.
I don't like singing in public.
First they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win.
Does this restaurant serve vegan dishes?
How do you spell your name?
No matter how many faults there are, our achievements are the main thing.
I didn't hear anybody talking.
It's better not to go there.
I don't want to take such a risk.
Do you mind if I open the door?
The old man sat down.
How long have you been waiting to make your dream come true?
Layla wore ruffled socks.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
Let me tell her.
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
I'm getting off at the next stop.
It might rain.
I don't see any reason why I have to apologize.
She has remained abroad ever since.
He painted his bicycle red.
I thought he would come.
Is he better today?
I'm in the toilet.
He knows that.
As the story advances, the mystery unravels.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
I'd like to do more.
I asked her to send us the book.
He sometimes goes to work by car.
Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
"That's very nice of you," Willie answered.
How many kids do you have?
Which do you like better, skating or skiing?
Let me live in peace.
Don't bother me!
My name is Wang Jiaming.
He is not David. His name is Daniel.
He's not stupid.
How are things at school?
I'm going to lose.
We tried to stop you.
Don't be wrong.
I felt incredibly nervous.
I feel admiration for his talent.
He told us such a funny story that we all laughed.
The truth and simplicity of nature is always the most important foundation of noteworthy art.
He was a very good skier when he was little.
Can you do some shopping for me?
His company was set up in 2005.
Prices are high.
Did you give Tom the key?
Sami became more aggressive with customers.
He finally became the president of IBM.
You will be able to see him tomorrow.
I think your answer is correct.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
My father asked me to go to the concert.
I have to stop procrastinating.
Is it far from here?
I hate people that cut in lines.
Do you know how much I love you?
We express our gratitude for Mr Smith's outstanding, challenging speech.
Tom changed clothes.
We are going to move house, but I still don't know where we are moving to.
The third generation Japanese communication methods are W-CDMA and CDMA2000.
I'm not Tom.
He frankly expressed his own view.
The Indian flag is called the tricolour because it has stripes of three colours – saffron, white and green.
This is neat.
Don't make me laugh.
He missed on purpose so as not to kill me.
I'd already sent you the letter when you called.
Tom is a native French speaker.
I'm going to go sit down.
No language, no nation.
The policemen said to them, "Stop."
Our plane arrived at 11 this morning.
They could do that if they tried.
Push the button, please.
My father is very much involved in the stock market now.
Mayuko eats bread for breakfast.
Yes, my name's Anna.
I lived in a small town.
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.
The boy was not humiliated by the laughter of his classmates.
America did away with slavery.
Tom is in the other room drinking vodka.
Police officer, I didn't do anything!
Call Ishmael.
Tom was the last one off the bus.
Libusza lives in Poznań.
We're worried.
There's no point in torturing him, he isn't going to confess.
I couple this song with his name.
I'm as tall as Tom.
Why should you think that?
My car is at your disposal.
Tom's hair was disheveled.
Not everybody wants to be an artist.
I found the key underneath the mat.
His cottage is on the coast.
Oh yeah, I remember that.
It's been raining all the time recently.
Her father won't come, he is really busy.
I go to school here, too.
These blueberries were too expensive.
Everyone says that he's a good man.
I'm free.
Would it suffice if I came around 7?
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
Would you like me to take a look?
She patted her hair into place.
Everything is changing.
What was the result of Mary's test?
Bigfoot is not a pet. For one thing, they don't like being called 'bigfoot'.
Tom and I'll go fishing with Mary and John next weekend.
Don't judge and you won't be judged.
Would you like to be my friend?
Let's do it this way.
Send that newspaper to him.
Don't bite on the right side.
He has a round face.
Tom regularly donates money to charity.
Where have we got to?
He gave his children a good education.
Never give up.
I gave Tom a going-away present.
The same old problem.
I'm sick, so I can't taste anything.
Everyone held their breath to see who would win the presidential election.
The emigrants have endured physical and mental pain.
Fill in the blanks with suitable words.
I received her letter yesterday.
High heels are meant to make one look better. That is why men do not wear high heels; in other words, men already think that they look very good.
What's your job here?
Every time I see you, I think of your mother.
Why are you sneezing?
You are such an idiot!
I don't want to have an operation.
I prepared breakfast for her.
I'm three years younger than you are.
He's a strange character.
The coffee is sweet.
I can't leave home, even if only for a while.
I have no strength.
It is rumoured that the Prime Minister will resign next month.
She says she will call you later.
He read a book written in English.
When the chickens are flat as pancakes, then again the tractor must have been faster than them.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
She tore the letter into pieces.
We expressed the hope that they could go abroad again to study geography.
They called their son Tom.
Spring came on.
Write high-quality sentences.
Ken climbed down from the tree.
I often say that to myself.
He'll wait for you.
Beginners should learn spoken English first.
I'll come round tomorrow evening.
It is high time you were in bed.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
You study at that school?
He is able to do it better than I am.
Catch as catch can.
Sleep well tonight. Sweet dreams.
She is a quiet woman.
My parents live a carefree life in the countryside.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
I am learning Turkish.
It snowed more this year than last.
He was surprised to find the great artist's masterpiece hung on the wall upside down.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn't help laughing.
We will all work together to finish this task on time.
Tom isn't paying attention.
He painted the picture which is on the wall.
The population of Japan is larger than that of New Zealand.
We are all praying for Japan.
I can walk to school in 10 minutes.
Run in here.
Keep next Sunday free.
Tom found a new way to announce his news.
I'm thirty.
Danger past, God forgotten.
I know she is very lovely.
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.
You definitely should not skip this step.
Tom doesn't like soccer.
You are a good tennis player, as beginners go.
I am Kazuto Iwamoto.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
She ran as fast as possible.
Let Tom live.
Don't leave!
We made statues out of wood.
This song is nice.
His behavior is contrary to his belief.
These batteries are all dead.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
This is ours.
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.
Young people are apt to go to extremes.
I think he's happy.
Does she work in this city?
It would be helpful if you could do that for me.
I ate bread and butter this morning.
During this period, there was a way to get into the French clubhouse without standing in line: you had to eat the products inside, but it was really expensive.
Time passes more slowly around a black hole.
Sit tight.
That's what I thought, too.
Egg tarts, when freshly baked, are a real delicacy.
The icy road sparkled in the sunlight.
He has no girlfriend.
Mr. Suzuki studied French before he went to France.
The boat passed under the bridge.
He wrote a book about Russian verbs.
I am not a teacher.
You've lost weight, haven't you?
I could answer his question.
By frugality she managed to get along on her small salary.
Divide these apples between you three.
It's my brother's.
He is very young.
The sparrow is singing in the trees.
Do you think he still wants to marry me?
I can't imagine what creatures living on another planet are like.
He thought she spoke reasonably, so he accepted her suggestion.
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.
I still don't know who Tom and Mary are.
I have the right to speak, too.
Look, the boys are walking barefoot in the water.
I can't think of a good username.
I will leave when John comes.
You can't live on this side anymore.
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido.
I'm sorry that I hurt you.
He has a blue car.
Do you guys have any more milk?
That class has 15 boys and 28 girls.
He patted her bum.
I'm blind in the right eye.
We took action immediately so that things wouldn't get worse.
I have received your letter.
There are 5 people in my family.
A misfortune befell him.
Gold is heavier than iron.
To write a love letter in English is not easy.
I want to mend this watch.
I'm never at home on Sundays.
I couldn't be any more tired.
Many thanks.
Tom was arrested.
Do you have a knife?
My house is close to a bus stop.
How tall you are!
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
We've arrived pretty quickly, haven't we?
What he said cannot be true.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune.
Let's put a stop to this discussion.
Sami began to cry.
Health is above wealth.
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
He has been absorbed in the novel all day without eating.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
My mother is certain to say no.
Which is your favourite football team?
The house burned to the ground before the fire truck arrived.
This bill is safe to pass.
Drink the soup while it is hot.
You can't fire us.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary now.
You've been causing problems.
I was poor at English.
The Japanese yen appreciated.
Tom said that he needed more money.
He should have done it that way.
The government clearly stated its intention to lower taxes.
I hear you wanted to see me?
Tom had to remind Mary to feed the dog.
We've made a lot of progress today.
Tom, what happened? Why are you crying?
Earth is a planet.
I'll act as a guide for you.
Tatoeba is not a dictionary.
I am learning Chinese.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as you think they are.
Pull up your stockings.
We got to the station at six.
You must overcome the difficulties.
I did not expect it to be that big.
Tom's speech was good.
Tom is older than me.
He secretly showed me her photo.
She said that they were good friends of hers.
Tom was killed in battle.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
We were not afraid.
She plays piano and guitar.
You are safe here with me.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
I can hear you, but I can't see you.
Junko is a beautiful girl.
Turn to the left.
I'm from France, and you?
He worked hard in order that his family might live in comfort.
They're just talking shit.
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
She cooked vegetable soup last night.
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
She finally fell asleep.
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.
She paged quickly through the magazine.
I'm looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I've been waiting here for thirty minutes.
He went to the dentist.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
It's a really good school.
I don't know any of the five ladies.
They looked as if they would cry.
Are they not company employees?
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
What has Tom come here to do?
She might be taller than you.
There was a sprinkling of foreigners among the visitors in the museum.
I don't know which button to push.
Found him, he is over there.
Tom got to the station in time to catch the train he wanted to catch.
Our breakfast has oats and corn in it.
My room faces east.
I do not speak to him about this thing.
There's nothing to forgive.
What are you doing, Dad?
Don't grow up. It's a trap!
He will make you eat dirt.
I'll monitor your progress from my computer.
I cannot accept this gift.
I've been to Kyoto twice.
Tom isn't wrong.
We need assistance.
He goes to school to study every day.
He will eventually ruin himself.
Tuesday is World Health Day.
The simplest solutions are always the best.
He runs.
That company hires people without regard to race, religion, or nationality.
I know you can't stop Tom.
He took the newspaper away from George.
Hydrogen is the lightest element.
I lived abroad for ten years.
Can I use your phone?
Don't interrupt our conversation.
I don't remember much about that woman.
I'm looking for my mobile phone.
He's a coward.
She likes jazz, and so do I.
Both you and I are students.
Can you communicate in English what you want to say?
Not everyone noticed.
The world is developing too quickly.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
It's too late to apologize.
I already have this book.
I don't know what Tom's plan is.
Tom took a step backward.
I think that Tom has a crush on Mary.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted to do.
How much does he earn per month?
She has decided to live in America for good.
Who wrote the Bible?
I'm not well.
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
She has two cats. One is white and one is black.
I've been busy today.
I need more butter.
The taller of the two went out first.
Worse things have happened to both of us.
I'd like to go with you, but as it is I can't.
We could apply the theory of punctuated equilibrium to languages.
Do you want to drink anything?
Tom said that it was a diamond.
I'm buying.
We studied English.
Where do you want to go tomorrow?
As long as we love each other, we'll be all right.
I want to see you again.
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he's not pushing himself up - he's pushing the Earth down.
Each day is a little life; every waking and rising a little birth; every fresh morning a little youth; every going to rest and sleep a little death.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
Choose three books at random.
You need to reverse your vest. It's inside-out!
I'm Tom, and you?
I don't think that really happened.
She is in the kitchen.
Take the road on the right.
He’d heard this more than once, but once was once more than he could bear.
When I forgot my promise, he got really angry.
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons.
I can sing and dance.
Many Finns are interested in culture.
The picture was taken by him.
Don't run away from consequences, don't fear them; face them.
This road is too narrow for cars to pass.
I would like to retract my previous statement.
It isn't raining.
That was the part that Tom and I were most confused about.
What do they know?
I fell asleep while I was watching TV.
I asked Ken to help me.
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.
I'm afraid he won't be here until 1:00.
There's no need to cry like a child.
He is not completely wrong.
Mary arrived at the hospital.
She loved him and he loved her.
Please tell me in complete detail what occurred, when and where.
In China, the history began thirty years ago; we can't know what happened any farther back than thirty years.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
This book is mine.
My pride prevented me from borrowing money from him.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
Tom has decided to leave tomorrow.
I like swimming, but I don't like to swim here.
None of the money is yours.
Make sure to turn off all the lights before going out.
There's going to be a math test tomorrow.
Don't just park along the road as you please.
He was home alone at the time.
We're from Germany.
Music gratifies the ears.
It's fall now.
Man is the only animal that talks.
This is the house where he lives.
She gave him all the money that she had then.
He contemplated taking a trip to Paris.
At first, I thought I was sick.
We've got to do something about this problem soon.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
I am allergic to pollen.
Would you like to listen?
You have a weird smell.
What is it with you and motorbikes?
My father often washes the dishes.
I got the roller skates for nothing.
She has hundreds of books.
You ought to see a dentist.
Sorry for calling you by mistake.
Unfortunately I was not in time for his speech.
Tom got drunk yesterday.
His painting wasn't particularly good, so no one praised him for it.
I will be at the meeting.
I have looked everywhere, but I cannot find my wallet.
I don't know if it is true.
I think that Tom might not want to do that.
I'm being patient.
No matter what you may say, I won't change my mind.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
There's some water left.
He's used to traveling.
Let's carry on the discussion.
Do you want some company?
I hate it when women say that all men are the same.
I wish copyrights didn't last so long.
Tom told me he hated Christmas.
Tom likes to play baseball.
She started talking with a stranger.
And then?
She never expects a straight answer from him.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
That pasture is ten acres.
We have to abide by the rules.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly; with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself; from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states.
Whose book is this?
Which painting is beautiful?
It will be far better if there were some pretty girls.
Life is full of ups and downs.
Good day, lords. In what way can I refine upon my adroitness in aural comprehension?
You're the one who decided to do this job, right?
He's an excellent author.
This TV program seems to be very entertaining.
There's no beer here.
I want this telephone.
I slept on the couch.
Mary is studying in her room.
We have a very good chef.
I want to have sex with her.
He studies contemporary literature.
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi, a sage born in 604 B.C. in present-day Henan Province.
My computer has frozen.
I am looking for my phone.
So we'd better stay home.
I feel bad for him.
I'll never forget shaking the President's hand last year.
Bale was fouled, and his team was awarded a free kick.
I want to improve my penmanship.
I dreamt about you.
Have you ever had a stillbirth?
She said reading can calm a person.
Which day of the week is it?
Want a drink?
I think you should eat a ham sandwich.
His elder sister is older than my eldest brother.
Ahhh, it's snack time.
She accused me of being a liar.
I promise that I'll do it.
We're very different.
I'm poor at swimming.
Tom is an animal.
She cannot write or read.
Tom eats breakfast at 6 in the morning every day.
Close the door and open the window!
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
I miss Boston.
The train is going at a speed of 50 miles per hour.
They will follow her.
I'll send a letter to my mother.
Please talk to Tom.
Tom worked very hard and earned a lot of money.
We are in school.
Last night I threw up.
He gave it to me for nothing.
All roads lead to Rome.
I got a fish bone stuck in my throat.
If you begin to look at it more closely, actually, it is not.
It looks as if he were sick.
This pub has very beautiful waitresses.
She isn't busy, is she?
Tom doesn't want to work after he's sixty.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
Prince Charles will be the next British king.
He claims to be a socialist, and yet he has two houses and a Rolls Royce.
Many plants withered due to lack of water.
He was ill yesterday.
Come out.
I have no time to have a rest.
Goodbye!
The cows behind my house only eat tulips.
Take whatever cake you want.
I know you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
What do you intend to do?
My mom wants me to study in Switzerland.
These twin brothers are as alike as two peas in a pod.
He doesn't look willing to come to the concert.
Go to hell!
I am a member of the tennis club.
You look as if you don't have a care in the world.
He stood by the entrance.
I bought John an album.
Today's minimum temperature was 3 °C.
She thinks of everything in terms of money.
I don't have a car, but my sister does.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
Ask me something easier.
Vegetables can't talk.
This film is very nice to look at.
Go! Everybody can start to go!
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects.
When did you come back from Tokyo?
Tom says he can't figure out what Mary wants.
Don't stand in front of me.
They said that.
I've only been online for ten minutes.
There was little traffic, so we made good time on our trip to New York.
Do you think of me as a cool guy?
The battery died.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.
I can't work for this company anymore.
They're trying to control you.
He pretends to be deaf.
Please write me a letter.
I'll take them home.
Was this letter written by Mary?
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
They are here.
You're thinking too much.
I have to take the test again.
I hope that John will come.
The system will be adjusted to what it is that you are allowed to see.
Tatoeba isn't a dictionary.
In the last minute, Marcello scored an equalizing goal.
You'd better go now.
It's not true!
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
They say that he's very diligent.
Which is the best hotel in the town?
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
His secretary seems to know the truth.
How come this fucking apartment has no double-glazing? I'm freezing.
He is used to teamwork.
We toured all the major cities.
Form is temporary, class is permanent.
Is Tom really coming?
That's right, I am talking about the mistake in this sentence.
Don't conceal what you feel about it.
Why don't you come visit us?
She greeted him waving her hand.
Your letter made me happy.
I struck up an acquaintance with her.
The two of us are students.
No one noticed the bear's appearance.
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar or flute.
Do you eat breakfast every day?
The blue bird is perched on a branch, singing cheerfully.
She isn't at home now.
Where are the most fun places in Beijing?
She grew up to be a veterinarian.
He wants to get married right away.
Tom drank wine.
The president is difficult to approach.
I'm really surprised you got a prize.
How many apples do you want?
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
Tom felt his phone vibrate.
I visit my father twice a year.
My husband and I are both teachers.
I'm a little angry with you.
This hotel has free Wi-Fi.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
Daikon might be more expensive than the carrots.
Their meeting was inevitable.
She quit smoking.
Daniel looks like an Uyghur.
Oh, no! I almost forgot!
Do you have any plans for tonight?
I thought Tom would never go.
International disputes must be settled peacefully.
You're just comforting yourself with a fantasy!
Her voice sounds really good.
It is three o'clock right now.
Stop joking.
I love Spanish!
You had better stop smoking.
When to start is the main problem.
He is my neighbour.
His boss is friendly, he's American.
I don't have to know all the details.
Everybody knows that happiness is in contentment.
Linfeng, do you know him?
What are you thinking of?
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
I like a solitary walk.
As you already know.
Being rejected is painful.
You eat potato chips.
He is afraid of death.
He went to Tokyo on business.
Are you going to sing here?
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Mike said that he would come.
Alice may possibly come.
I know nothing about music.
Tom has been gaining weight.
He is said to still be in Paris.
I doubt Tom intentionally did that.
There are many beautiful parks in London.
Time is of the essence, Paul. If you don't tell her how you feel now, you'll never have another chance.
Otherwise you should visit Switzerland by yourself, while my sister and I visit Estonia.
I'm drinking with a few friends.
Could you take this, please?
He has a private jet.
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
I want to sleep with your wife.
The river outside of the castle is called a moat.
The town was sleeping peacefully.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
My grandfather takes medicine every day.
Don't expect others to think for you!
He earned as much money as possible.
Look at that house.
You don't look so happy.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.
Do you want to eat anything?
You'd better lie low for a few weeks.
Why are you meowing?
Tom died recently.
His daily behavior is not consistent with his principles.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
Don't get older, get wiser.
I'm thinking about you.
Sami frequented local sex shops.
I know Tom quite well.
People under 18 cannot get married.
I should've listened to Tom at that time.
He said hello to the woman.
Tom is said to mistreat his wife.
She is going to France next week.
This directly concerns you.
She put clean sheets on the bed.
Don't translate me!
I'm sure that it'll be fun!
He has two daughters.
This wooden chair costs sixty pounds.
Who do you work for?
The teacher made him stay after school.
What she said can't be believed.
I don't like this restaurant -- let's go to a different one, OK?
What is the price of this radio?
We bought this car for 12,000.
He is always preparing.
I've had enough!
Is there a golf course near here?
The girl doesn't like to play soccer.
It's almost time for the cherry blossoms.
I heard you.
Thank you for taking some time out of your busy schedule to reply to my letter.
I don't do drugs.
Tom just wants my money.
The stomach pains are unbearable.
You should rest a little bit longer.
Do you travel a lot?
Skilled soldiers know how to use their environment as a weapon.
She had died before I arrived.
It was near the river that I lost my way.
He's a pianist.
I'm not your mother.
I no longer want to visit Australia.
I think Tom has a crush on Mary.
The soup is thick.
Some people clung to tree branches for several hours to avoid being washed away by the floodwaters.
Tom didn't get much sleep.
I'm not going to apologize. What are you going to do about it?
Don't try to stop me.
The elephant is an enormous creature.
Your answer is wrong.
What a strong wind!
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
This book is written in English.
Not a sound was heard in the room.
She'll try it once more.
We get along very well.
I felt hungry after the long walk.
Japanese people take three meals a day.
You're correct.
The criminal came out of the house with arms raised.
Are you students at this school?
How tall is your youngest brother?
I don't like eggs.
What's wrong? Why are you sad?
You're a good leader.
Life is very expensive here.
I have to buy Christmas gifts.
They said no.
They didn't obey their parents.
You may take this book as long as you keep it clean.
We know you're in pain.
What do you think is the second highest mountain in Japan?
Tom got a late start this morning.
He got a promotion.
Will I have a scar?
Never rub the eyes when the hands are dirty.
You promise?
Those records are not accessible to the public.
My brother often stays awake the whole night.
Without water, we cannot exist.
And now you want her to come back?
He aimed, but missed.
She is gracious to everyone.
Christmas is only a few days away.
You don't get up as early as your sister, do you?
Don't get up.
I'm glad that I was able to help.
Tom looked a little startled.
I should've chosen a shorter username.
There are a lot of sights in Kyoto.
The new medicine saved his life.
It is fun to speak in English.
Water is essential to life.
The dog barked at the mailman.
I have gained two kilograms this summer.
I've changed my website's layout.
Is English more difficult than Japanese?
We don't do it very often.
Gosh!
The mouse ran into the hole.
I am not hungry.
Where is the nearest telephone box?
I can't play tennis very well.
Hooray!
There is nothing worse than doing something in a half-hearted manner.
I have an interest in photography.
Tom heard this and got angry.
To err is human, to forgive divine.
Is there a nonstop flight to New York?
He is by no means bright.
I've done half the work, and now I can take a break.
Tie your shoelaces.
Don't be so arrogant!
Everyone has strengths and weaknesses.
He was attracted by her smile.
I'm not talking to you; I'm talking to the monkey.
He boasts that he can speak six languages.
I was a student at that time.
I'd rather walk than stay on the bus.
I'd love to come with you.
You don't have to go to the party if you don't want to.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
I always dreamed of being a billionaire.
He died when he was 54 years old.
This is our Chinese language teacher's car.
She was so curious that she opened the box.
Don't underestimate me.
Suddenly it began to rain.
Which would you rather have, tea or coffee?
Will he get well soon?
I think we should lower the price.
Maybe we can buy Tom a new one.
I don't believe that Tom is a lawyer.
What would you think if I did that?
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
Yes and no.
You're taller than me.
The train's here.
He has a good reading knowledge of French.
Where did you find my umbrella?
Let's clean our room.
Mathematicians love to prove things.
Instead of going to school, he stayed at home.
I thought Tom was lying, too.
You expect too much of your child.
Sumo is the traditional sport of Japan.
I am against political reform.
He doesn't speak our language.
Can I speak to the head nurse?
You told her that you had finished the work three days before.
One must be an executive in some company.
I always study hard.
China is perhaps the only country in the world where the temperature is controlled by the government.
They were marooned on a desert isle.
It doesn't matter how others see you. What is important is to be sure to affirm your own self.
Does she play the piano?
There is no success in the world that makes up for the failure of the family.
Should I buy something for him?
He doesn't have any children.
Quickly go find it.
She knows your mother very well.
I have to brush up my French before I go to Paris to study.
French isn't my mother tongue.
Roll up your sleeves.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help him.
I prefer to remain seated.
Take the oranges out of the fridge.
I've made a mistake.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Do you have your student ID card?
I don't want to go to Tom's birthday party.
I heard you got married.
It's no use arguing with him.
We should try to be philosophical about life; wealth gained could also vanish.
"How did you get my phone number?" "Tom gave it to me."
Not being able to carry out payments on time can cause very large losses for the consumer.
Television has the advantage of providing sports fans with greater convenience.
I'm sorry, I have to respond to the messages.
Do they learn English?
My teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
I spoke from the heart.
Outside the school, she saw people with no homes living in cardboard boxes.
You'll find it impossible to live there.
Ten to one it'll clear up in an hour or so.
I bought it at a department store.
Nobody should be worried.
You've become old and stubborn.
She does not have a ticket.
It is especially hot today.
John is a good student.
I am a university student.
My left eyelid is twitching.
Children like fruit juice.
I'm cool.
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily.
It won't cost much.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
The more excited he gets, the quieter he becomes.
My father is always cool.
From graduation to retirement, Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
Do you want me to call the police?
Even after sunset there was little moderation in the temperature.
We were very sorry we couldn't help them.
Life today is fast-moving and complex.
Iron is a metal.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
That man stole my wallet.
I haven't done that since high school.
The enemy launched an attack on us.
I don't think Tom is serious.
What did you do this morning?
I have complete faith in my doctor.
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
If only I read the user manual properly.
Will you take part in the ceremony?
I want some orange juice.
She was crying for a toy.
I'm not inflexible.
I'm going to be a millionaire.
Their child got their bottom smacked, because they wouldn't listen.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
Japanese is often said to be a difficult language to learn.
She was in time for the bus.
There's not a lot of time left until the meeting starts. Let's go inside and have a look at who's there.
Where's his office?
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
Exercise is good for your health.
She's as busy as Tom.
I don't know any blind men.
You shouldn't keep them waiting so long.
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
It has stopped raining.
She said that she brushes her teeth every morning.
Some object to Tom's opinion.
Tom is the youngest of ten children.
He fooled her.
Tom isn't as lazy as you think he is.
We're pretty well known around town.
You ought to have come to see me yesterday.
To be honest, I want to study Japanese too.
Olivier acted the part of Hamlet.
You should put your coat on.
That young lady is a nurse.
My ID card has expired, what should I do?
She likes taking pictures.
Autumn is here.
I am not accustomed to speaking in public.
He likes neither baseball nor football.
Before, I thought this was boring.
I have passed all my exams.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
He will come soon.
Have you ever tried scuba diving?
Ken is as tall as Bill.
I'm totally not a scholar.
I know what his name is.
Where is the pain?
Don't talk to me like this.
She taught music for thirty years.
I can't reach that can of tomatoes.
Which one is mine?
She was in no humor for lunch.
When chickens pancake-shape maintain, the tractor must have won again.
He can't buy a car.
There is a proverb that goes "time is money", but there is another one that goes "money can't buy you time".
She does not have many friends in Kyoto.
In March next year, I will fly to the US.
The concert is about to start.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
Oh, I just remembered, do not forget to bring your ID.
Anything new?
Would you all like to drink fruit juice or water?
He's afraid of that dog.
Are you saying that I killed Tom?
Please speak more slowly.
Before he went fishing, he dug up some worms for bait.
He had his socks on inside out.
I want a person who can speak French.
Do not take any notice of him.
You know what I want to hear.
She insisted on my paying the bill.
When did you begin learning English?
Marriage frightens some people.
I'd like something to drink.
Hearing that a transfer student was coming, the class buzzed with excitement.
Drink some coffee. It tastes very good, I think.
He is fluent in Chinese.
He wears glasses.
It's not possible to stop here.
Yesterday I spent the whole day working.
What is your favorite TV program?
He was too embarrassed to utter a word in front of the crowd.
Tom is ecstatic.
The father is watering the flowers.
My father told me to wash the car.
I won't talk to you until you've realized your mistake.
This is Edward.
I thought you said that Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
The lady really flipped out when she learned she had won a million dollars.
Ryoko has a cute little face.
Dan and Linda eventually moved to London.
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?
His book is very interesting.
A cup of tea, please.
Tom loves studying music.
How do you say...?
I will go even if it rains tomorrow.
How about going to see a movie tonight?
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
I'm not greedy.
Sorry, but can you show me the way to the next village?
Tom didn't know that the deadline was today.
Japan is a leader in the world's high-tech industry.
Accidents are inevitable.
It delayed your holiday.
Mary wore a white miniskirt.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
We're not as young as Tom.
Do you know your size?
I felt lonely.
Let's start.
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.
I think my right arm is broken.
No one has seen you.
When you don't have brains, your feet get no rest.
Klava envied Lyusya.
I'm a good person.
Lots of Italians went to Australia.
I'm going to check out at eight.
Tom never arrived on time.
He can't count.
There are five people in this photo.
I am not concerned with this affair.
Her writing is very good.
The monkey's bottom is not staying still.
We are from Germany.
I have a slight headache now.
This place isn't convenient to public transportation.
German is a synthetic language.
That boy denies stealing the bicycle.
You'd better give up smoking.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
She keeps on rolling her eyes towards our direction.
Do you speak Arabic?
The pot calls the kettle black.
Because it is written in simple English even a child can understand it.
Everybody likes that flower.
She's my sister.
Rome is famous for its ancient architecture.
I didn't have to study yesterday.
My office is on the fourth floor of that gray six-story building.
Kentucky screams "fuck".
Where was the princess?
I'll peel an orange for you.
Don't worry, you shall get the answer this afternoon.
He secretly showed me her photograph.
That's my problem.
He promised to be here at 6.
They drink coffee at home.
This little girl lives in Brazil.
It's time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
They are eating and drinking while chatting.
What are you unhappy about? Let it out and let everyone cheer you up a bit.
He is one of my best friends.
I must wash my hands before dinner.
I went to three funerals last month.
Would you mind lending me your car?
I have more money than Tom.
He has over a million dollars in assets.
Yes, people usually curse at someone they are acquainted with.
We have no chance against those top players.
What do the initials NTT stand for?
He is a genius.
Truth is difficult to find at the bottom of a well.
We are going to the lake to have lunch.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
This publisher specializes in children's literature.
He is a very imaginative writer.
It wasn't me who told you not to do that.
Sam is two years younger than Tom.
Say hello to your sister for me.
He was listening to music.
The man blushed like a boy.
I wouldn't sell that at any price.
She is never late for school.
We're not late.
The mailman is cute.
She went to the park by herself.
Who is that girl waving to you?
John doesn't know how to speak French well.
What were you doing then?
Give us the tools, and we'll finish the job.
He's writing a book now.
I wish they would stop fighting.
Block it!
Please turn off the TV.
I'm going to go sell my car this afternoon.
I can't find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
This time, I'll come with my sister.
We have been good friends for ten years.
Where did they go?
Don't you want to know why?
It was ridiculous.
No one thinks Tom will win the race.
Mary has not started yet.
Thanks for yesterday.
Our arrival drew attention.
I think this lamp has a short because the light comes on only if I jiggle the cord.
I felt my heart beating rapidly.
He made many excuses for being late.
They both fell in love with the same woman.
Who is taller, you or Ken?
It has four legs, it is made of wood and it lives in the kitchen.
That's a nice car you're driving.
That technician is highly skilled.
I bought a camera for 30 dollars.
You'll find both of the books interesting.
He will come.
Her socks are gray.
I'm not married.
Tom is as tall as his father.
We're leaving the day after tomorrow.
I never want to leave Boston.
Do you know where to find Tom?
Before I leave, I would like to see you.
I do forgive Tom.
He's leaving for China tomorrow.
We gather here once a week.
Don't speak unless you have something worth saying.
Let's leave her alone.
I'm looking over his report.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I don't understand German.
None of my classmates live near here.
Ania looks very cute to me.
I don't remember where I bought it.
How dare he open my letters!
He is a slowcoach.
There is a fork missing.
I already have an envelope.
Alpha, beta and gamma are Greek letters.
No students went there yesterday.
Jim hasn't been home yet.
He hit his head against a rock.
You'd better take an umbrella with you.
She was washing the dishes.
The meeting ended.
She cannot be relied on because she often tells lies.
Mary made a cake without her mother's knowledge.
No pain no gain.
I will teach you to play chess.
We haven't decided where to take a rest.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
I am playing video games.
"You're ugly." "Your mom is ugly." "Your mom's face is ugly."
Does Nancy have to do her homework now?
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
I'm glad it's over.
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour.
Why are you pretending you don't know me?
When can we use this until?
Doing some work won't kill you.
The cow lost its calf.
I'm trying to learn English.
I am at the dentist.
I've had the flu since Monday. Right now, my temperature has gone down, but I don't feel completely normal yet.
I ordered the book from England.
He ate the apple.
I know many famous people.
Whose turn is it?
On the whole, the Japanese are conservative.
I like your way of thinking.
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."
Shall I close the door?
What would you like to eat for dinner?
It'd be great if you could pick up some bread before you come home.
What is your greatest source of inspiration?
He asked me who had painted the picture.
I am on duty now.
He has a face only a mother could love.
Please fill this bucket with water.
How long has Ken lived in Kobe?
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.
Ask her when she comes back.
Tom clenched the shovel.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
Chinese children are especially good at maths.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
There's no doubt.
My family is still working, so they can't go to Texas right away.
I work long hours.
He raised his hands.
We happened to be on the same train.
I'd like to meet his father.
You're a new student?
Yes, I'm coming.
He borrowed money from the bank in order to buy a car.
A complicated job like that can't be done in the blink of an eye.
Who were you speaking with?
You began to learn Esperanto.
Language is awareness.
I want to eat cheese.
It's raining cats and dogs.
That's a stupid question!
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
Germany was allied with Italy in World War II.
We need to make a plan.
Close the door please.
Do you have enough money?
She writes an excellent hand.
I must finish this work first.
Tomorrow, I will book a dentist appointment.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
Come and dance with me!
When my grandmother was young, her body was very slim. Now in her old age she's grown plump.
Birds sing.
I don't know for certain when he will come.
Dan didn't even live in London.
I have a dog.
Will this year be different?
There is nowhere in the whole world without poverty.
Fluency in English is a must.
That is worth considering.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
We took turns driving.
He's a little like his father.
I really like these stories.
The blue telephone is on the table.
This is the best restaurant in the city.
She didn't help me.
I know him better than anyone else does.
Did you hear that, Mike?
I ate the apple.
Tom said he's considered quitting his job.
Almost all the work is done now.
Even the air's spicy here.
I'd rather not go there alone.
He needs to be demoted.
My father likes strong coffee.
Men's wants become greater in proportion to the increase in their income.
So far everything has been going well.
How many schools are there in your city?
You need to create two new categories.
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.
It is imperative for you to finish by Sunday.
That hotel was very near the lake.
Did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice?
You're confusing me with someone else.
I can't speak French or German.
The leaves slowly fell.
That is mine.
How's work?
The mountain is 2000 meters above sea level.
What's in the coffee?
A policeman was watching it, with his arms crossed.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
Tell her everything.
A mouse is a timid creature.
She likes Russian pop music.
It's too hot for us to work.
Jack’s coach decided to keep him on the bench for being late to training.
You're the girl of my dreams.
What subject do you study?
Sami didn't go to Layla's wedding.
He is junior to me by two years.
I have a bit of bad news.
I do not like beer.
His teeth are yellow from smoking too much.
He is very kind.
You haven't been listening.
Why do you care about them?
Tom realized Mary wasn't kidding.
He preferred working to doing nothing.
My nose is running.
I know Tom is a terrible singer.
My wife's part-time job brings in a little extra money.
She wants to go out with him.
He is just my age.
The rain is letting up.
England and Scotland are neighbours.
Can you ride a horse?
I don't want to take the chance.
I'm going to help them.
Maria is in Boston.
I dialed Tom's number.
The French lost the battle of Waterloo.
Is there a television set in your bedroom?
The news made her sad.
Our great country is unmatched in the world.
Everyone's laughing.
I'll try to find them for you.
I cannot praise them too highly.
He can speak a little English.
Let's do something together.
She must have forgotten the promise.
What has brought you here?
I broke my arm.
If I could send you a marshmallow, Trang, I would.
I don't know your reasons for not liking Tom.
I don't know if I can help.
She didn't try to hide the truth.
Tom wants to talk.
"I'm too old to be playing with bugs," said the boy.
I'll go to the toilet.
She is walking slowly at the back.
The boat is going against the current.
Do you have a driver's license?
I'm tired of writing.
Snow completely covered the town.
Please keep me informed.
A cab is waiting.
There's no rush to get married.
I will tell my parents that I want to leave by myself.
I have four children.
Let's play.
He's taller than his brother.
Mary isn't really sick. She's faking it.
That's good.
I wish you success.
I think you're stupid.
I raised my voice.
This milk has a peculiar smell.
She came home very late.
I want to go wherever you're going.
I'm looking for books on Roman history.
I didn't get everything I wanted.
Has it stopped raining yet?
How can Tom not understand that?
This building is a capsule hotel lodging men and women.
She is busy learning English.
I was very tired last night.
I have a very large house.
We'll probably be the first ones there.
Russian is hard to learn.
This doesn't concern you.
Mary and I plan to have two kids.
She traveled around Japan.
The lord held absolute power over his subjects.
Tom and I are in the same class.
Can you really blame him?
The broken leg has not healed yet.
I take a walk every day except when it rains.
Write your name in capitals.
You must keep your eyes open.
These scissors are suitable for left and right-handed people.
Hot weather doesn’t just mean that people feel a little unhappy.
We skipped his turn on purpose.
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Do you feel like resting?
He must be the principal.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital.
You should be more careful.
What you've said is totally accurate.
Since the orbits are elliptical, the planets do not always have the same distance from the Sun.
I was utterly soaked by the downpour.
Is Tom an actor?
Go away before they see you here.
Do girls masturbate too?
No one's stopping you.
She tied up the parcel with string.
You've won!
He wants to marry my daughter.
There is a church near my house.
Don't make the same mistake again.
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.
My shoulder hurts so much, I don't know what to do.
Strictly speaking, you're wrong.
He tried many different methods.
I still haven't found what I am looking for.
I like this picture, not just because it is famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
We were always very good fuck buddies.
The tram will arrive on time.
She gave him a watch.
Don't ask any questions.
Say hello to your father for me.
The first electronic computer was produced in our country in 1941.
The earth is made up of sea and land.
You're sharp.
He is often home.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
Tom worked all day and was completely worn out.
When will the world come to an end?
I hope to see you.
I gave the book to my friend.
She decided to chuck her job in.
Mother boiled ten eggs.
There is no reason for you to feel inferior to anyone.
My wish is to become a teacher.
Since ancient times, it has always been the commoners who tolerate their ruler.
Tom is afraid someone will see him.
Let us stay.
Nobody but John has heard of it.
She's quick on her feet, so no matter what you say to her, she'll have a witty comeback.
Who will be elected chairman?
I don't know whether it's good or not.
Could I see you in private?
The flower is yellow.
Be careful!
The incident was etched in his memory.
I have no prejudice.
Can you tell me the time?
His laziness boded ill for the future.
What's the matter? You look very angry.
I'm unmarried.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
I work in Boston now.
They studied English yesterday.
Continue working.
They all burst out laughing.
Is that even a word?
Tom did the same thing.
I am a teacher.
Tom is a very good tennis player.
Wash your hands before each meal.
The aim of this policy is to improve the environment in the poorest cities.
Tom wants to know why.
The Taiwanese dollar appreciated, causing Taiwanese exports to slump.
Do you mind if I open the window?
This room's location is great.
How much do you need?
John was tired from working overtime.
What're you waiting for?
What will you make?
It's going to rain soon.
My dogs are white.
He fell asleep with his clothes on.
It's fairly warm today.
Nobody was injured.
I'm getting choked up.
I got acquainted with him in France.
I'd rather you stayed at home.
Suddenly, a ship appeared through the fog.
To make an excuse for having stayed out late.
The storm prevented her from arriving on time.
Do you go to school on Saturday?
I can't do anything.
Put the gun on the table.
I'm on vacation.
There wasn't anyone in the room.
He has been engaged in the study of biology for nearly ten years.
I should go ahead and do that.
Tom took Mary to the hospital on the back of his motorcycle.
Why are your eyes so big?
What's the weather like now?
"I hope we'll be home for Christmas", said the soldier.
The imports from Asian countries have expanded recently.
Sunday is not a workday for me.
Why do you think animals dread fire?
Tom would like to see you.
I log in to Tatoeba once a week.
Italy is a peninsula.
You went too far!
The case is closed.
The Japanese live on rice and fish.
We played basketball yesterday.
I stole Tom's money.
This is Tony's book.
Don't fear being put upon. Fear instead being unable to help.
There is no rose without thorns.
Why couldn't you sleep last night?
Don't touch it.
I've always trusted your judgment.
The young should respect the old.
Where will you be?
She mistook my brother for me.
What's your age?
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
He takes pride in his work.
As I've already mentioned before, after a rigorous investigation, we have found nothing wrong with our company's management.
Tom said Mary thought that John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Sami walked up to the counter.
Are there any apples in the box?
Every nation should help each other.
I'll leave immediately.
What color is your urine: clear, dark yellow, reddish, or brown like beer?
There are many beautiful castles in northern Germany.
Tom, would you show Mary how to use the scanner?
Dad uses fire to roast a chicken.
Their plan sounds interesting to me.
Those are my trousers.
Two hundred people died of cholera last year.
Her diamond is sparkling under the light.
There is a cow in the village.
Did he tell you what to do?
This is the car Linda mentioned yesterday.
Tom said Mary was sleeping.
Can I have a look at your newspaper?
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
I feel fine.
I'd say the second one.
You may call him a liar, but you cannot call him a bad man.
The professor spoke too fast for anyone to understand.
I have a cold.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
I took Ann for her sister.
He doesn't trust the doctor any more.
I don't procrastinate as much as I used to.
Is this your first time in Japan?
You should quit smoking.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
Tom wants to return to Australia.
Change is the only constant.
He is good at playing tennis.
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy.
I wish you a good trip.
The tickets sold out within a week.
I feel we're going to get better.
Tom frowned.
They serve excellent food here.
I'm anemic.
Sami said that Layla was his girlfriend.
The game finished.
One must speak about serious things seriously.
Please don't run in the classroom.
How formal is this ceremony?
The weather was so cold that the lake froze over.
Do you know the reason why he cut class today?
Do you think I'm joking?
Speak clearly.
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.
Stallone became famous through film.
Tom is doing what he loves.
Food, clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival.
He grabbed her arm.
Why am I getting fatter and fatter?
It's very dangerous.
Go away.
For this race, people under the age of 35 (including 35) join the young people's group; people from 36 to 50 years old join the middle-aged group and people 51 or over join the elderly group.
I need scissors.
My house is near the school.
Where did you get those old coins?
I think I made a mistake.
Is Tom going to dump Mary?
He can't have written this; it's not his handwriting.
The world is in chaos.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
Don't be so pessimistic.
The eye is the window of the soul.
What are those numbers?
You cannot have your cake and eat it, too.
It proved the truth of the rumor.
Answer the following questions in English.
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident.
You didn't eat much lunch, did you?
Nice timing.
Do you want me to leave?
Mary is at a loss what to say to him.
In case of fire, push the button.
Tom wears a hat every day.
The chemical formula for water is H-O-H.
Martians have taken over the earth.
Are you still alive, Sysko?
The two sides hold talks this week.
Who let you return!
He lives far away from my house.
Nancy looks like my sister.
My profession is my hobby.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
He came to school after a long absence.
She's got two cats. One's white and the other is black.
There used to be a store right here.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
All the doctor's efforts were in vain and the man soon died.
The sign means that the answer is correct.
Throw the ball back to me.
I know it's hard.
Tom didn't let me answer Mary's question.
Were you at school yesterday?
I will love you forever.
There was nobody there.
I will not believe it unless and until he tells me so.
I waited for three hours.
So cute!
You are your own worst enemy.
We could stay in Boston for a few more days if you like.
It's as cold as ice.
She bought new gloves.
I didn't see anyone.
Anger showed on his face.
We don't need your services.
The students performed Hamlet.
In me the tiger sniffs the rose.
Are you coming tomorrow?
I did not order this.
Interest on loans is high at present.
My father does not always walk to work.
I am very much surprised to hear that he got badly injured in a motorcar accident.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
Speak a little louder.
You have to wear a helmet to protect your head.
An enemy of an enemy is a friend.
Repairs will cost a lot of money.
Stop right there!
Bob is in the drama club.
Why are you awake?
Karl Marx said: "Workers of the world, unite!"
The dog is walking around the table.
It's hard, but I'm going to make it!
What time is dinner?
Next year I will be three times as old as you.
Tom often doesn't keep his promises.
I'd like to have an early night tonight.
You understand me.
He's stronger than you.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
The policeman arrested him for drunken driving.
Do your homework.
The rumors became reality.
The room was cleaned by Tom.
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Have you got the report yet?
He comes back from Singapore next January.
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert, although she finished all her songs, many members of the audience were not satisfied.
You should've come and talked to me.
My computer is behaving strangely.
We are three people.
You're on the right track.
It's obvious that she's sick.
He told us many lessons.
We still have more time.
Does he want codfish?
Today's lunch is soup.
Do you have any foreign beer?
Not knowing what to do, he asked me for help.
Do you all want me to bring you anything?
When many enemies appear in front of you, look back, you have many allies as well.
How dare you say that to me!
He got off the bus.
The coffee machine's not working.
I am called Juan.
She's what you call a "delinquent mom," but she's good at cooking, and most importantly, she's a really caring parent.
Watch him and do the same thing.
We had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
She seldom eats breakfast.
The hat was blown away by the wind.
Love is never wrong.
He likes jazz, and so do I.
They demanded that the mayor should resign.
I only know him by name.
I want to go there.
God knows where he fled.
Is that car yours?
I'm going to miss you, Tom.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
I know that you're very angry.
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.
I believe that story.
How is your project coming along?
Call me when you get settled in.
When I was at secondary school, I got up at six o'clock every morning.
I really don't understand what you're talking about.
I went to Kobe by train.
Everyone knows his name.
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.
I suggest that you should write him a thank-you letter.
There's someone trapped in the car.
I think that, in tough times, you can cry as much as you want.
Would you like to come to my party?
In conversation among the small grasses, do not offend the big tree.
You aren't as short as me.
Tom said he had a headache.
I work during the night.
Mr. Wang teaches us Chinese.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
How many sons do you have?
You should have refused his request flatly.
It is too expensive.
I haven't seen Tom since 1988.
Don't pretend that you don't know me!
Apart from some fruit, he hasn't eaten anything.
The girl, her eyes shining brightly from that single hint, makes her cute cat-motif automatic pencil run across her notebook.
It's really him!
Who can tell me what the acronym Tatoeba stands for?
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.
My dad wants me to study in Australia.
The teacher requested to see my parents.
For how many hours do I have to listen?
Father is watering the flowers.
I am waiting for approval.
Take this money.
Where's the nearest tube station?
Philosophy is not a written subject, but a way of life.
Our friend finished the race in second place.
He made a journey around the world.
The light is on.
He often takes me for a drive.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
Judging from her appearance, I think that she's rich.
We ran around the park.
Lincoln greeted his former political rival.
Muammar Gaddafi is a megalomaniac.
You are dreaming.
My wife is cooking right now.
That child can count to twenty.
I don't know where I'd begin.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
Wood floats.
I feel like you are laughing at us.
Don't you want to use mine?
I sure hope this is a dream.
Tom will graduate in October.
I prefer staying at home to going fishing.
No money, no job, no friends. He was truly at loose ends.
How many times have you seen this?
I just found out that you can speak French.
They speak English in Australia.
A bookstore in that location wouldn't make enough money to survive.
I considered changing my job, but in the end I decided not to.
Do you like it?
It rained continuously for three days.
A liar needs to have a good memory.
The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking if he wanted to live long.
We're against war.
This is a secret that only we know.
I gave up smoking a year ago.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
This wasn't such a good idea after all.
Yesterday I finished learning Esperanto on Duolingo.
You should apologize to her for being rude.
Are you American or French?
Can you recommend any vegetarian dishes?
Your sentence was not added because the following already exists.
I would like a ticket to Trier.
The plane will take off in one hour.
He took over this school.
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
Are you Japanese?
Carol lives in Chicago.
Too much spoils, too little is nothing.
Be careful not to fall.
I gave Mary a book.
Should anyone call on me in my absence, tell him that I will be back soon.
Please sit.
The policeman arrested him for speeding.
A fox is a wild animal.
We don't want to cause you any trouble.
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
They will arrive a week from today.
She spends her leisure time making dolls.
That white parasol is hers.
Only six people were present at the party.
After the assistant returned $1 to each one, each man had actually paid only $9.
We should always act in obedience to the law.
How come you call on us so late at night?
I shook hands with her.
The war didn't break out by accident.
You're the only one who can protect them.
I got soaked with rain on the way home.
Do you hear what I'm saying?
Rain is dripping from the eaves.
Tom will do that.
I'm studying economics at university.
I also want to go to Beijing.
What you said about Tom isn't true.
Well, girls, it's time to go.
First of all, power off your cellphones and remain silent.
Don't worry about my dog. He won't do you any harm.
You have to wait for the next bus.
This isn't a difficult job.
Where is the cat sleeping?
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
Such a man is bound to fail.
Do you know whether or not she can speak English?
Kiss it.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
Imagination affects every part of our lives.
Hope that we need not to wait for a long time.
Don't worry too much, or you'll go bald.
Don't deceive yourself.
I'm stuffed!
Karen is angry with me.
I've never seen so much blood in my life.
Three days ago, many Chinese people celebrated the national day in Beijing.
Are you coming along?
I must give back the book to him by tomorrow.
He told me an interesting story.
I didn't have time to cook dinner tonight, so I went out and bought a box meal.
I didn't know what you wanted to do.
What's new about this way of urban living?
Do not enter the pool.
Goodbye, Anna!
Let me know the time you are leaving.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
I managed to get there in time.
Tom became blind.
I've always wanted to visit Turkey.
The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power.
He hates air travel.
Leave immediately!
I've been under a lot of pressure lately.
Winter is coming.
She speaks Kadazan and also speaks Cantonese.
Is it here?
I have nothing to fall back on.
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school.
My father is shaving in the bathroom.
She played a tune on the piano.
A human is an animal.
You are allowed to use the hotel's swimming pool.
That's what I always say.
Why don't you have your motorcycle fixed up?
Ten houses were burned down.
She keeps saying she's innocent.
He is better than anyone else.
I didn't go, but stayed at home.
Don't give up!
She managed to keep up appearances.
Which are the best ones?
She's very courageous, isn't she?
We also write Chinese characters very well.
Emily hates climbing.
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.
Would you like some tea or coffee?
Hurry up, otherwise you'll be late for lunch.
The ☭ is a symbol of communism.
Tom told Mary to ask John to help.
Which stop do I alight at?
You can park here.
He's a good lad.
It'll rain tomorrow, so I won't be going out.
Don't go there alone.
Tom makes quite a bit of money.
The advantage of freelancing is that you can divide your time freely. The disadvantage is that you actually have to work around the clock.
I've changed. I'm not the same man I used to be.
Where is the ticket window?
If for some reason I'm late, please don't wait for me.
I tried, but I did not succeed.
His behaviour made me feel restless.
Smoke is rising from the chimney.
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear.
Am I disturbing you?
Tom has 7% body fat.
Let us go home.
Her hair grew back to its original length.
Today is World No Tobacco Day.
I wanted to thank you for what you did today.
He had long hair.
When do you plan to set out for Japan?
I want to marry a girl like her.
Life is a dream.
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.
I think of his name every time I hear this song.
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.
It's American.
Had I known about it, I would have told you.
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
We saw the child get on the bus.
Did you drink tea yesterday?
Which is heavier, lead or gold?
She got married at the age of 25.
Mary bought herself a new toothbrush.
Mind you call me up tomorrow.
I came across my aunt in Europe.
Put it down.
I know!
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the door unlocked.
She's American.
How was the interview?
He invited them to dinner.
This is the cheapest store in town.
Tom is a newcomer.
I ordered a book from London.
I need to get a stamp.
He is the father of two children.
It's high time you left for school, isn't it?
That way is very far, so we took a taxi.
Your opinion is very important to us.
The paper was beginning to peel off the walls.
Have you ever visited Kyoto before?
She had already gone to bed when I phoned her at 11:00 p.m.
I knew Tom's brother.
Tom and Mary don't know what happened, do they?
You shouldn't go out for a few days.
I wish that you had told me the truth then.
Did you go to the art exhibition?
She went astray in the woods.
What size shoes do you wear?
You're so right.
Who's your favorite country artist?
She will get along with my grandmother.
My resolution dissolved at the last moment.
Susan is majoring in American history.
All the shops are now closed.
What does your planet look like?
I'm really sorry!
Tom won't be late, will he?
Tom has many cats.
Monday makes people anxious.
Would you like some more beef?
Most Americans like hamburgers.
Turn up the radio a little bit.
I want to go study at a Canadian university.
I took a cab to the station.
He was extremely happy at having successfully solved the problem.
He has no interest in politics.
I don't think you ought to.
Keiko deftly piles up the dishes and takes them to the sink.
She looks young. But actually, she's over forty.
He is the prime minister of this country.
Go!
Do you know what time it is in Boston?
They always complain.
My TV has quit working.
You've been late for school more often than before.
How much is the bus fare?
Tom applied for the job.
Be nice to her.
Tom is bigger than me.
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
I've had a headache for three days and I can't get rid of it.
English is useful in diplomacy and tourism.
He bought a banana case.
Can I drink alcohol?
The world is running out of oil.
I want to become an engineer.
We gave blood to help the child.
I can't help admiring his talent.
I love you more than you love me.
The bus leaves in five minutes.
China is much bigger than Japan.
I just remembered that I was supposed to buy a loaf of bread.
These adjectives are all positive.
I noticed Tom was smiling.
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition.
Tom is always daydreaming.
Are you sure Tom is happy?
I'm so embarrassed I could dig a hole and crawl into it.
Do I need to put a coin in first?
She's feeling much better.
These apples are very big.
I wish I could go to Japan.
How many boys are in this class?
Tom's strict.
I saw a man get hit by a car.
Tom went to bed early.
The man wore a mask of a tiger.
Show me the photos you took in Paris.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
Have you watched television tonight?
We often eat fish raw in Japan.
Your cat scratched me.
This is a very good way to learn languages.
I don't do it anymore.
The moon lit the room.
Why not go to the movies?
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
You have everything.
I'm an atheist.
My dad is busy.
He lived a busy life.
What time does class start for you tomorrow?
I'm not sure I can afford it.
You should have warned him sooner.
Don't you agree?
The structure of the brain is complicated.
I love him none the less for his faults.
He said that he wanted to meet her.
I want to know if he'll come here.
That was fast.
Who does the book belong to?
It is human to make mistakes.
My son is eight years old.
Tom, you have a call!
That river is dangerous to swim in.
Are you going to school tomorrow?
I told the policeman what I knew.
His music has attained great popularity overseas.
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
I regret telling you.
I was still an amateur at that time.
My heart is green and yellow.
Were you guys serious?
Don't be nervous, speak slowly.
Ken has more books than you.
These dogs are big.
I got my right leg injured.
How often do you wash your car a month?
People like him because he is kind.
Tom joined the discussion.
My sister often cries.
Don't lie on the cement floor.
Our colleague's mother passed away.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
Would you like to come?
A new branch will be opened in Chicago next month.
When are you going on summer vacation?
She hasn't phoned since she went to London.
Everyone cheered.
Two men are trying to get a handle on what's wrong with the car.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Do you understand Latin?
Tom is going to shovel the snow off the roof for us.
He's in the kitchen.
He had no idea why his wife left him.
She's been through enough.
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place.
I don't know when he will come back.
I have to go to hospital.
Tom begged for Maria's forgiveness.
Tom helps Mary because he wants to, not because he has to.
The thing that left the biggest impression on me in China was the Chinese food.
They are struggling with the goal of wiping out smallpox.
How long did it take you to finish reading that book?
We rented an apartment.
I do not remember any of it.
I want to keep my car there.
Stop bugging me!
This month really flew by without me doing anything at all.
Tom has three other dogs.
An egg should cook for at least 5 minutes.
Where is Lebanon?
The atomic number for iron is 26.
Kiss me, you fool!
It's getting hotter and hotter.
My sister did not say "Hello."
My brother thinks that he's stronger than me. But he's only six years old.
I don't know what to say to make you feel better.
I'm not as optimistic as you are.
Could you drive to the station?
Would three o'clock be all right?
Hello, are you Mr Ogawa?
Kalina is the girlfriend of Bronisław.
I like music, particularly classical music.
Tom glanced away.
Please come again in three days time.
Who knows where Tom went?
I asked him to drive me home.
This job pays pretty well.
Who's the girl at the door?
Industry was growing quickly.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
I need to buy new spectacle frames.
Is there a Chinese lawyer here?
My parents taught me to respect my elders.
No matter where I go, I get lost.
She's still a minor.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
The weather varies from day to day.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
Get well soon!
I want to learn Japanese but I don't like watching anime.
Go back to your seat.
During the Depression in the 1930's, many wealthy people lost everything in the stock market crash.
I'm too old for that shit.
My head hurts.
It's not a suitable topic for discussion.
Little Zhang is a good guy!
Tom put on an apron.
It speaks.
He is reading.
That's what Tom requested.
He's studying Chinese.
I need to go to the China Construction Bank.
I am a new student.
Mike named his dog Spike.
We'll be late for dinner.
They forced me out.
People like you shouldn't be here.
My pastime is reading.
Country life is healthier than city life.
Xiaoming cried for an hour while watching the movie.
What's his motive for committing murder?
I didn't mean to spook you.
Can you tell me how to get to the library?
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.
Is this everything?
OK, you two, follow me.
Follow him.
I hope that it'll work next time.
This product is already sold out.
I have no clue.
You underestimate your charisma.
But I don't want to.
This room is cleaned by Tom.
If you have a thought, please raise your hand.
It is windy today.
When he retired, his son took over the business.
They teach us to speak.
As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
That textbook is out of date.
She was obliged to work to support five children.
You do love her, don't you?
He is lazy.
His bicycle is blue.
We shouldn't look down on other people.
I find the problem easier than I originally believed it to be.
The boy took the radio apart.
Do you plan to go abroad?
Who's the man playing the violin?
Please come to my house.
Go get your passport.
They drank two bottles of wine.
The dress that Mary is wearing looks expensive.
His new novel will come out next month.
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index - BMI.
Ireland is in Western Europe.
Tom put down his paintbrush.
Tom is the manager of a small restaurant.
She said she enjoyed the challenge.
I'm worried for you.
There's only a little milk left.
I feel comfortable in his company.
I can swim very fast.
I still haven't found what I'm looking for.
I can't afford to buy such an expensive car.
We are boiling water.
A cell phone is as contaminated with bacteria as a toilet is.
Let your hair down a little.
If that were true, what would you do?
We're husband and wife.
At last, he came.
He speaks both English and French.
That car is really expensive.
What's the matter with you people?
They look healthy.
Mars has two natural moons.
Please report the progress.
He never said that.
I can't make that decision for you.
How did you come to know this?
Yesterday I saw an old acquaintance whom I hadn't seen in ten years.
He works with me at the office.
You're going too far.
The password is "Muiriel".
Fill it up.
Kurt didn't wake up yesterday because the alarm didn't ring.
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
I have a new car.
It is I that am bad.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
Rome is the capital of the world.
I have to go look for Thomas at school.
Tom isn't dumb.
I don't know if Tom can help us.
I'll stop by your place on my way home.
It won't be long before your dream comes true.
My boss made me work overtime.
Come in, it's cold outside.
Do you have some time?
One needs to buy a house that's within one's means, but one also needs to grasp an opportunity.
I see a book.
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai.
What you want is the most important thing.
I won't stay silent.
This is my bedroom.
Turn the computer on.
I listened to some records last night.
He has a long nose.
Bob was popular with all his classmates.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
Does she know your telephone number?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Tom won't be happy.
Tom did better this time than he did last time.
When I thought of that, I couldn’t help smiling.
Help me.
She is a computer programmer.
I think that it's true.
Do you speak Polish?
Get well soon.
My uncle lives near the school.
What's the meaning of this phrase?
What did you tell your boss?
Someone has stolen all my money.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
I wish you a good trip!
I'm looking forward to seeing him.
We need more workers.
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.
George hit him in the stomach.
Watch out for cars when you cross the street.
It's a pity you don't know how to dance!
You don't like chocolate, do you?
I try to love everyone.
Why are you so smart?
Do you share a room?
He asked her seven times to marry him.
I went out with my friends.
I'm developing an Android application.
I take a bath every morning in the summer.
If he studied hard, he would pass the test.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
Put the book back where you found it.
Do you study Mandarin there?
She looks blue for some reason.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Everyone should go.
Idiot... You got water in your brain or something?
He is facing many difficulties.
How many years did Tom spend in Boston?
Tom has to do that right away.
Tomorrow will be better.
It will be done.
How did the traffic accident happen?
Tom is a sports commentator.
This problem is really annoying.
This clock is electric.
Do you think it's a trap?
English is a communication tool.
My sister got married in her teens.
Tom finally understood it.
I don't want to open the window.
My eyesight is beginning to fail.
This morning I got up an hour earlier than usual.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
Tom didn't sleep very well last night.
It has twenty children.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
Please pay at this counter.
All those dots are viral focuses.
What do you make?
Four is an unlucky number in Japan.
There are more girls than boys at our school.
There was no one in the room.
When does it begin?
That man's body still hasn't been found.
Does he study English every day?
It did not teach her to speak.
Do you know how to open this box?
"What time is it now?" "It's 10 o'clock."
The car overtook me.
Have you taken your medicine yet?
She can speak English pretty well.
No way!
I've worked here for ten years.
We eat with our mouths.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
The temperature today is seventy degrees Fahrenheit.
He felt perfectly content.
I remember him as a cute, bright little boy.
Tom must be from Boston.
I'm tired of dancing.
Answer in English.
Don't worry about the past.
That sounds very tempting.
I told her what should be done.
Tom is a professional magician.
She probably studied in France, as she speaks French fluently.
He isn't an American.
Tom went back to his hometown.
I remember seeing the movie.
Japan has a high population density.
The red dress looked good on her.
I've just finished writing a letter.
What is the time?
Tom got into the car and started the engine.
Mission accomplished.
I wonder if you are as busy as we are.
His failing the test is no laughing matter.
Before now, when you thought of a city, you thought of crowded streets, parking problems, traffic jams, queues, noise and fumes.
That person's so stingy that he won't even let the mouse have the chaff.
I exchanged stamps with him.
A fallen tree blocked the road.
For several years I've been in the habit of, when I'm at home, only leaving my desk when it's time to eat.
Both of them started crying.
Tom frequently talks in his sleep.
Tom told Mary he loved her.
Mennad is smart.
I knew you had a girlfriend!
I don't sing very well.
I'm twelve.
What are you searching for?
Tom can swim, but Mary can't.
We won the battle.
The teacher of the kindergarten told the pupils to respect, and cherish each other.
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
Fight fire with fire.
It's something personal.
I found out where she was.
We were waiting for him over a cup of coffee.
I am very ill at ease with strangers.
I'm still angry.
They want to talk to you about areas of mutual interest.
Do you have an appointment?
You are scared.
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
We're both here for the same reason.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I don't like these sweets.
She made a new suit for him.
I bought that car.
I know that life is short.
I went to the store.
I had a terrible dream last night.
I'm surprised you agreed to have lunch with me.
I have toothache.
Tom didn't specify what he wanted.
Europeans drink, on average, 12.5 liters of pure alcohol per year.
I'm glad you were right.
The price varies with demand.
Her repertoire on the piano is not very large, but she has learned every piece by heart.
Let me have a try.
That company deals mainly in imported goods.
Will you go to China next year?
The whole audience got up and started to applaud.
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier.
The rooms in this hotel are not as clean as the rooms in that hotel.
The batteries aren't working, even though they're new.
The smell of food made me hungry.
Have you ever seen a panda?
He's very sloppy in his dress.
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
How is everybody doing?
Yokohama is the second largest city in Japan.
The curry was very delicious.
I didn't want to say too much.
I don't want to be selfish.
We do the best we can.
I wish I didn't have to work.
Sir, you are not allowed to park your car here.
I kept singing.
The proliferation of Internet usage has given birth to a new generation of young people.
He introduced me to a pretty girl.
Do you know whose this is?
Have you gotten used to living in the dorm?
You yourself need to be treated!
Happiness can't be bought.
Many people study Japanese so they can read manga.
Bangkok is Thailand's capital city.
I'll see them next week.
Have a pleasant journey.
This store has a variety of spices.
Please think it over.
Are you sure you don't want something to eat?
I want to leave Paris.
Ignore it.
It's all just a big misunderstanding.
Yumi is good at playing tennis.
Tom doesn't look like his father at all.
I hate rain, but I love its smell.
That woman over there is Ana.
Why are you being so stubborn?
I'm never coming back here again.
This cat is eating.
I don't know if that's what Tom wants or not.
Tom felt very guilty.
This chair is made of plastic.
He works in a factory.
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago.
This is what I bought in Spain.
Whoever said so, it is false.
Do you study English every day?
I suspected that Tom was interested.
That boy threw a lump of rock.
With whom were you speaking?
Fortunately, no passengers were injured.
I like these.
Mother has gone shopping.
We don't like the rain.
Smoking is not good for the health.
What're you talking about?
The program is on the air.
What day of the week was it this time last year?
I will go on ahead.
He holds an extreme opinion on education.
I hope to graduate at the exams.
What kind of dessert would you like?
Stand back, please.
Mr. Meier thought the Neumann family was away on vacation.
I saw Liz this morning.
What don't you want us to see?
Lucy is a pretty little girl.
"You didn't even give him a chance to explain." "What's to explain?"
Is someone there?
Do you believe me?
It seems that he is fine.
Mary chuckled to herself.
This is the flag of Japan.
Why did you refuse to do that?
I guess that would be all right.
I'm at the airport now.
This book sells well.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
Tom lit his cigar.
Put this stamp on the postcard and drop it in the mailbox.
The moonlight is beautiful.
It is impossible for me to finish the work in an hour.
I don't have a guitar.
I have self-studied half a semester's worth of German.
Tom burned the letter.
Tell him I'm on my way.
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.
My legs are smaller than yours.
Tom enjoys playing tricks on me.
She waited for hours and hours.
I want us to do it together.
Looking back at 2010, I think I wasted too much time.
Why should I hire Tom?
The French alphabet contains twenty-six letters: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
Once you've picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that's the only stone you've got.
The big fire reduced the whole town to ashes.
You are a woman.
I would like to become a poet.
The US declared independence from Great Britain in 1776.
I think I'm right.
It's totally without precedent for the suspect's attorney to be the true culprit.
War is like a raging fire.
Two tigers, two tigers. They run very fast, run very fast. One doesn't have eyes, the other doesn't have a tail. It is very strange, very strange.
He put the book on the shelf.
Who did you talk with?
Her skin is smooth.
She wore a red dress.
Tom says he doesn't know how to swim.
She may have been beautiful when she was young.
According to TV news, there was a plane crash in India.
The statue of Hachiko, the faithful dog, stands in front of Shibuya Station.
I'll show you the town.
You should follow the doctor's advice.
It's a ghost, and only I can speak to him.
The water is frozen.
He is going to that Chinese restaurant to eat a meal.
She took her book.
John has put on a lot of weight recently.
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in?
Even if I knew the answer, I wouldn't tell you.
I will take you for a swim.
Her English is excellent.
Recently, this area's international relations have become very tense.
My teeth hurt.
My throat burns.
Was it cloudy in Tokyo yesterday?
I refuse to use plastic bags.
The movie was so good I'd like to see it again.
It became dark before I knew it.
Tom can swim almost as fast as I can.
You are always digging at me about my clothes.
Please try again.
Tom's married.
She's thinking of taking a couple of courses at a cooking school.
I want to live in India.
You must know yourself.
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.
My nephew is allergic to eggs.
Don't let this opportunity slip away!
What is a god?
Do you have any friends who are doctors?
She did nothing all day except complain.
It's very hot here in summer.
He was an orphan and illiterate.
I tried to convince Tom to come home.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
He came all the way from Chicago.
Jack suddenly stopped talking when Mary entered the room.
I felt like I was dead.
Have you chosen a major yet?
The doctor administered medicine to the patient.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Tom said Mary was asleep.
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him, making him feel miserable.
It's likely to rain all weekend.
It seems that the burglar broke in through an upstairs window.
He is a good tennis player.
He doesn't know any one of us.
This teacher always drags his class time, taking up the students' rest time, later he got reported, it felt amazing.
'Four' is an unlucky number in Japan.
I slapped Tom.
I'm going to stay here until the day after tomorrow.
The road is parallel to the river.
I'm sixteen years old.
She thought that she was a goner.
They settled in the country.
Everyone opposed it, but they got married all the same.
Tom converted from Christianity to Islam.
Russian is difficult to learn.
There's no need to hail a taxi.
He thinks that he is a great poet.
It's too bad that Tom couldn't come.
At first, I had no idea why.
Apples are produced in this district.
I didn't ask Tom for help.
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
If Bob had taken my advice, everything would be all right now.
She has gone shopping.
His humor charmingly eased the embarrassing atmosphere at dinner time and made me breathe a sigh of relief.
I think it's possible Tom may come.
It may or may not be true.
Obviously not!
He will travel abroad next year.
Come on! Give me a chance.
He can read English easily.
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.
I smiled at him and he smiled back.
Give my best to your family.
He invested his money in stocks.
Do you have any Japanese magazines?
In nostalgic moments we may tend to think of childhood as a time of almost unbroken happiness.
Can you speak Low German?
Hell is other people.
Everything is under control.
I don't think much of him.
After he received the letter, he burned it without even reading it.
Tom is a strange person.
Either you go, or I go.
The well ran dry.
The earth orbits the sun once a year.
She's going out to buy some things.
I wasn't in the office then. I don't know what happened.
Xue insists on watching TV in bed.
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language, but something about the country itself as well.
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.
I've been in China for less than a month.
Any comments are welcome.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
She and I are in the same class.
She took no notice of what her father said.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
How about a cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
How I wish I could swim.
This function takes two parameters, the first one is the title of the window, the second one will be the title of the icon.
I don't feel like I can trust what he says.
With a good book in your hands you need never feel lonely.
If you go to Beijing, definitely have a look at Tiananmen Square.
Sweden has a language of its own.
What is his purpose for coming here?
When did she get married?
He is giving me a hard time.
I am very concerned about his health.
All I want to know is where Tom is.
People of Asia must work together.
Is it very far from here?
Parents love their children.
If you want to truly understand the language and culture of a country, you should go to study and live in that country for a period of time.
It's a two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.
Tom's girlfriend threatened to leave him.
We bought a lot of stuff today.
Must I take this medicine?
I don't use taxis unless it's absolutely necessary.
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.
There must be something at the back of this matter.
There's a police officer at the door.
Tom is shy.
He is now running the business for his father.
Why should we help?
How can I stand this!
This apple is starting to rot.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
Advance two steps.
He takes a bath every morning.
Fortunately, everybody understood what this foreigner meant, knew I was only making a fool of myself, and laughed at me.
We'd better sit down here.
I'd rather not go out this evening.
The girl had a long scarf around her neck.
Tom hit me first.
What'll the results be?
It's not.
Mary was awakened by Tom's voice.
The first airplane flew in 1903 for twelve seconds.
"Age?" "16."
Waste not a single grain of rice!
I want to read it.
Who do you think they were?
The video quickly went viral.
David Beckham is English.
She is like a beautiful dream.
She gave away all her dolls.
My income is a far cry from his.
He acted as my guide.
We all knelt down to pray.
By registered letter?
I put the flowers in the vase.
You don't have to hide.
She has an eye for beauty.
He stopped talking.
As usual, I mispronounced words and broke my sentences up in the wrong places.
I am reading his book.
She didn't feel like eating lunch.
My toothache returned in a few hours.
First off, I'd like you to come with me to a department store sale.
A group of young men were fighting.
Tom is the captain of this baseball team.
They fight for their country.
Which one will he choose?
Please tell me.
Tom asked us to leave him alone.
I handed the mike to him.
Brian kept Kate waiting.
Tom and Mary aren't so kind, are they?
The man passed by without so much as glancing at her.
Tom is away on vacation.
He'll be asleep.
I am very happy, because I am currently learning a little bit of Dutch.
Best day of my life.
You are wasting our time.
The engagement of Mr Rogers and Miss Smith was announced yesterday.
He's a good man.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
I made my whole family leave home.
Tom usually doesn't make mistakes.
To him this is a deadly blow.
Winter is the coldest season of the year.
Mike eats out almost every night.
Sorry, the line is busy now.
Please call me up between seven and eight.
He's a vegan.
Deal with them.
He had his wallet stolen.
You like to talk about architecture, don't you?
I should drink tea.
I can still make it.
I didn't have a bicycle when I was growing up.
He treats me like his slave.
I'm sitting on the sofa.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
Give me a cigarette.
That house belongs to me.
What season do you like the best?
Do you commute to school by bus?
A gentleman wouldn't do such a thing.
We call that color "midnight blue".
When he shouted, the veins in his neck stood out clearly.
I usually get up at 6:00.
I tried many things but failed after all.
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.
The bus picked up the speed gradually.
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.
This program is a rerun.
I hope that I'll see her.
Everyone is here except for him.
Tom is always late.
Few students knew his name.
Whatever she says is true.
I'd like to introduce you to my parents.
Does anyone know what this is?
There, pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items.
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
They don't seem to be Americans.
I got married.
Spring is just around the corner.
He's out now.
Mary senses the aliens are watching her.
Unplug all the cables.
"Hey! It's dangerous to run here." "Eh? ... A-a-Aaah!!" "Oh dear, what did I tell you?"
Do you think Tom is already retired?
I am going to water the horse.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
I don't read newspapers much.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
We believe he will succeed, for he has talent.
He may have misunderstood you.
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Tom has come up with a good plan.
Please do that.
She is dependent on her parents even after her marriage.
It is really marvelous of you to remember my birthday.
How would you like your eggs?
I usually go home at four.
Are you okay?
I was tired and, what is worse, I was sleepy.
Birds build nests of twigs.
Sami had a really good time.
I get it.
Have you handed in your homework?
I quit smoking a year ago.
He is playing music.
Those flowers have died.
He knows how to drive a car.
He denied having taken part in the crime.
All people were created equal.
The teacher said that the earth is round.
My father is the one drinking tea.
It was not until the end of April that winter began to release the land from its icy grip. The days became warmer; snow and ice turned into streams of meltwater.
Man is the only animal that uses fire.
Is your father a Spaniard?
The sentences "Let's eat grandpa." and "Let's eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
Tom needs to be very careful.
He made me go against my will.
I want to make her proud of me.
He earns his living by writing.
This apple is too small.
In other words, he betrayed us.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
Weather permitting, we will leave in an hour.
I agree with his opinion.
Tears filled her eyes.
The students receive a 15,000 euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses.
The economy is picking up.
We went halfway up the mountain.
When will you be online?
We didn't see anybody.
Our teacher gives out a lot of homework.
Will the police come?
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
This sofa can seat three people easily.
He can speak French, not to mention English.
What does this mean in Arabic?
You're such a jerk.
Tom will return home tomorrow.
We still have a chance.
No sweet without sweat.
Give me back my wallet.
Do you have a bike?
I am Hungarian.
Japanese office workers work very hard.
Are you speaking to me?
Did the police ever question you?
I am more beautiful than you.
Apple is still very secretive with regard to the release date and the price.
She has got over her illness.
Just a minute, please.
It has been raining heavily for three hours.
It is difficult to play the piano.
I hope he'll wait for me.
Mary doesn't usually wear jewelry.
Do you finally understand?
All he said was true.
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?
I didn't mean that.
He is my brother.
Say it again, please.
I looked at my notes.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
They refused to talk to me in spite of my earnest request.
I turned right.
We loaded a lot of luggage into the car.
The Golden Age of the Romans is in the past.
Open your mind.
He likes watching TV.
You should pay attention to what he says.
I can't afford to buy a used car.
I let Tom do that yesterday.
It's hard to believe that Tom wasn't aware that Mary was in love with him.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
This medicine will decrease your pain.
After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
What you said left a deep impression on me.
I still have to sleep for a while.
You are going to sleep.
Your hair is pretty.
You're not entirely to blame; just then I was listening to music all along, and wasn't paying attention.
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
The heart of Esperanto ideology is the equality of all languages and cultures.
I told you to get out.
Hold on.
This room's pretty awesome, eh?
What made you come here so early?
Really?
Give me a ring tomorrow.
He asked me whether I like math.
Your daughter is tall.
What you said isn't true.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
I was scared by the lightning.
He broke in on our conversation.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
Have you got a light?
Tom called to her across the street.
I'll be back soon.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
Don't forget us!
She and I are classmates.
I prefer red wine to white wine.
Cows provide us with good milk.
I should really get some sleep.
Where's the restroom?
Is tea more expensive than milk?
Why do you like playing basketball?
I told her I'd help.
I wonder what will happen.
What does Tom usually eat for breakfast?
My eyes feel itchy.
There are many guesses about how language began, but the fact is that no one really knows.
I have a bike.
You can't get ahead if you don't work hard.
They adopted the little girl.
He sat down, playing with his own toys.
The city government wants to set up special cycle lanes. However, a lot of drivers oppose the idea.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
Let's leave it at that.
I have missed the delivery time, what should I do next?
Donna was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
It's hard to quit smoking.
It is never too late to learn.
He has three sons, who became musicians.
That was all Chinese to me.
Is there anyone who can speak Chinese here?
I am sneezing.
I explained the matter to him.
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.
I have nothing to do with this crime.
The medicine made me very sleepy.
Tom took the bend too fast and landed in the ditch.
Don't forget your money.
Tom has only a week to decide.
Those two are exactly alike.
I'm responsible for the mistake.
Did you already forget all of it?
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
You had better not stay up too late.
There was a big fire last night.
I know that I should not tell him a lie.
Meg sometimes annoys Ken.
I can manage on my own.
Stop gawking.
I encountered a problem.
You had better stay here a little longer.
Hackers are adept at getting around computer security measures.
She'll write a letter to him tonight.
They guarantee this clock can be used for a year.
She almost drowned.
It is true that he is poor, but he is contented.
When was the last time you fasted?
How long did they live in England?
People of all ages like this song.
Some people say that cartoons on television are educational in themselves.
She pretended she didn't hear what he said.
You have two books?
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
Tears flowed down his cheek.
I don't approve your decision.
Being sick is very boring.
Do you wish to complain?
Close your mouth.
I haven't received any messages from you in a long time.
How many cars does Alex have?
I live with Tom.
People can't live without air.
I decided to try again.
She has no enemies.
This is cold.
I am afraid of dying.
They married recently.
My room is upstairs on the left.
I'm not satisfied with my performance today.
It is said that the Japanese are very friendly to those that they know, and very indifferent to those they don't.
You understand, don't you?
Doctor, my stomach hurts.
Are you angry at Tom?
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
I think you went too far.
It is becoming warmer day by day.
She lives in abundance.
Recently, there's been a lot of talk about distance education.
Why hasn't the landlord come to collect rent this month?
These gloves belong to Tom.
Don't drink and drive.
My big sister washes her hair every morning.
I like to sing.
There are three men trapped in the cave.
She groped for the light switch in the dark.
He's a lover of sports.
Is it necessary for me to explain the reason to him?
What prevented her from coming yesterday?
The teacher told us to be quiet.
It's started raining again.
Can we lock this door?
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
She gave the door a gentle push.
It's the first time I've seen Tom so angry.
Let's drink wine or beer.
I go to Tokyo every day.
The fugitive surfaced in a small town fifty miles from here but then disappeared again.
Australia is the world's fifth-largest coal producer.
When considering the party, what kind of clothes are you going to wear?
She sat on a bench.
We went swimming in the river.
I am willing to attend the meeting.
In the light of what you told us, I think we should revise our plan.
Tom said that he wanted to cry.
Something strange is happening.
"Will he succeed?" "I fear not."
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.
He bought land for the purpose of building a house.
When one is in difficulty and comports themselves well, that is a master.
Why are you pushing all responsibilities to others?
The Chinese government controlled the internet to prevent the people from knowing the truth of the Tiananmen Square Massacre.
I found the key for which I had been looking.
I had retinal detachment five years ago.
If you want to, you can use my car.
This company and I have signed a three-year contract.
Tell me what you did last summer vacation.
The teacher assembled the students in the hall.
It's cold here even in summer.
He did not keep his word.
The rocket was launched into space.
I have already changed my clothes.
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.
You should have done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
How much is the most expensive car?
That dog is big.
The kitchen is on the ground floor.
It is difficult for me to handle the case.
He returned home from Europe in 1941, when the war broke out.
Please elaborate.
When will you come?
There's no reason to be afraid.
Why on earth did you sell your newly-built house?
It's pitch black outside.
It can't be true.
Tom often sends me jokes.
Do not drink beer before going to bed.
Passing through the strong wind, the planes rock like this, but don't worry.
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.
You are a student.
Does John want to see a Korean movie?
One dollar is equivalent to 110 yen.
The scar on his forehead is conspicuous.
It's not my car.
The typhoon caused the river to flood.
Her dress was made of coarse wool.
Let's take the underground.
Apples have sold-out!
I can choose between tea and coffee.
You made the mistake on purpose, didn't you?
Even though it costs his life, he still chooses to betray his organization.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
This is Mike's bicycle.
I'm counting on your help.
This is a good place to pitch a tent.
I have two cars.
I eat meat three times a week.
I'm looking for my pen.
Once she starts talking, its hard to stop her.
Both Tom and Mary can't speak French.
He and I have a near-telepathic understanding of each other. No sooner does one of us say something than the other is already responding.
I bathe every day.
He catches colds very easily.
I was a baby in those days.
I have lost my pencil.
Not only they but also I was scolded by the teacher.
I'm new at this kind of work.
What would you say to Tom?
My watch has been stolen.
Do you know Tom well?
He is getting better day by day.
Are you and Tom leaving together?
You have done very well.
Who am I? How did I come to be?
In China, southern people eat rice as staple food; northern people eat wheaten food as staple food.
He is not as intelligent as his brother.
Both of these are Song Dynasty block-printed editions.
Do you know Mr Qian?
I admire your ignorance.
I got out of the car at 40th Street.
I'm running Linux on my laptop.
Can you speak Chinese?
We help the poor.
I'm dying for a cold drink.
Please close the door behind you.
Can I eat this orange?
I have a busy life.
Such an idea is abhorrent to her.
You're a great poet.
Today's Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity.
What you say makes no sense.
Ice turns to water when it gets warm.
You need to be more patient.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
When you're done sweeping, I'll mop.
Come everyone and join us in drinking, dancing, chatting, and making new friends!
I've heard the French version of this song.
I like your family.
When does the library close?
Pardon me, but that is my racket.
Do you hear me?
There is a basket under the table.
They made us work all day.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
What do these words mean? What's the difference between them?
I know she doesn't love him.
I wasn't implying anything.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
You can't see the forest behind the trees.
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
I want to see him very much.
Will you be here tomorrow?
She has been sick for three weeks.
What are you saying?
I think I'll go by bus.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
This computer has a sharp screen.
Do you have any drinks?
He is immediately above me in rank.
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.
I sent this drum to my father.
I realized then that this awful cellar was the only place that could save our lives.
I have been working for this newspaper for 4 years.
In autumn, some animals store food away for the winter.
After a storm comes a calm.
He sows discord by raising controversial subjects.
When did you go to London?
Will I see you tomorrow?
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
You must keep quiet for a few days.
I want to eat fish and seafood.
The picture looks better at a distance.
How long did you think the picnic was going to last?
She didn't like the horse at first.
Tom is very angry now, isn't he?
You do not teach us to speak English.
I'll miss her forever.
Where can I buy it?
Tom and I haven't seen each other since we were children.
You've told Tom, haven't you?
My father participated in a cooking contest and came in first.
Say hello to your mum for me.
Being late is always better than not showing up at all.
I knew that we'd be late.
She is in the habit of keeping late hours.
Because of the thick fog, the road was hard to see.
I don't have a television at home.
It's close to ten o'clock. It's about time we went to bed.
I only spent three dollars.
I sure could go for a cup of coffee.
All kinds of rules made him lose his freedom.
This tradition originates from China.
Although she grew up in Japan, she still speaks fluent English.
Tom knew something.
She decided to marry him.
I knew this day was coming.
She intended to become an actress.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev.
Is it true that you are going to Paris?
In France, potatoes are vegetables, while in the Netherlands, they are not.
My father's hobby is fishing.
He passed on quietly at his home last night.
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn't want to come home.
Shut your mouth!
Maybe it's true.
Isn't it obvious?
Did you sue her?
What have I ever done to Tom?
I'll attend.
The new year drew closer.
I don't want you to go.
I am interested in Japanese history.
How did you come to know her?
Englishmen are, on the whole, conservative.
Hello everybody!
Do you have any information on classical music concerts?
The train got in on time.
One plus two equals three.
It is raining cats and dogs.
He put three slices of garlic in the vegetables.
We waited in the park for a long time.
Ah, those Russians!
How often do you feed the fish?
Therefore, for the glorious God, you must accept each other, and accept Jesus Christ in the same way.
She picked flowers in the garden.
Exercise outdoors.
I do not allow sleeping in class.
If you need my advice, I'd be glad to give it to you.
That's not a cricket, that's a grasshopper.
I wish I had more money.
If you gamble on the stock market, you are an investor... If you gamble on the derivatives market, you are a trader... If you gamble at the casino, you are a loser... Morality?
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
Whose address is this?
Tom and Jane got married last month.
The students are all at their desks now.
No one is more hardworking than you all.
The speed at which native speakers of other languages are adding sentences doesn't even compare to theirs.
Greece is a beautiful country.
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home.
He is a tutor for the math department.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
They both want a child.
This afternoon it is going to rain.
Mary is interested in politics.
I didn't really feel like going out.
Do you like hanging out with Tom?
I actually never knew that.
Fish, please.
Sami was sitting by the pool.
You'd better take this.
I can't see a thing.
She pretended to be a student.
I refused to pay.
I was all alone.
Are you selling these lamps?
Tom would accept.
I'd be crazy to do that.
The man works in his office.
Aren't you looking for work?
I want to buy a dozen doughnuts.
Radosław, Marek and Maciej like playing games on the PlayStation 2.
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network.
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married, everyone wanted to attend her wedding.
Do you believe in UFOs?
I just finished breakfast.
He went there ten years ago.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
I haven't yet finished my supper.
Two men were fighting on the street.
The sentence on the blackboard was erased.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
But CNN has learned that, due to her husband's guidance, Kate feels she has already adapted to her new life.
That building is our school.
Tom is really intelligent.
The criminal was arrested.
The meeting between the school and the business is scheduled to be held on the 26th of December.
That is your book.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
Hey, it's snowing.
The original edition is great, but the Portuguese translation contains errors.
I really hate his dirty jokes.
Tom finally quit smoking.
I'll have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I attend scientific conferences.
More than half the residents are opposed to the plan.
Tom may have missed the train. He hasn't come yet.
What did you buy for that much money?
When do you study?
The boat was piloted safely into harbor.
So sorry to keep you waiting so long.
They've been looking for the plane for eight days, without success.
Japan imports various raw materials from abroad.
I forgot to call up Mr Ford.
Put your weapon down.
She graduated from high school last year.
It's now exactly four o'clock.
Tom denied having stolen the money.
Fantastic!
Tom hasn't finished yet.
I like L.A. better.
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
She started for Kyoto yesterday.
We have used earth's energy resources as if they were limitless.
"Hello, who is this?"
I can't live that kind of life.
I wish to go to Hawaii.
Here are some pictures.
How long have you worked with Tom?
I live in Hyogo Prefecture.
She used to play tennis on Sunday.
I hope you enjoyed the long weekend.
He ran.
Both teams are unbeaten.
I don't want to wake up the kids.
He said he didn't want to worry me.
Sorry for calling you so early.
Thank you very much!
Will you take me there?
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays.
Don't you talk in the classroom.
It seems so familiar.
You are reading.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
How many countries are in Africa?
You're a mean old man.
I bought two bottles of milk.
The old man looked wise.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
Don't be scared.
I think I've found something better.
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
They will hold a meeting at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
The living room adjoins the dining room.
You remind me of Tom.
I bear in mind that misfortunes never come singly.
What you think of in the day, appears in your dream at night.
Put on some sunscreen.
I almost left my brolly on the train.
Einstein's theory of relativity is Greek to me.
She goes under the name of Yotchan.
Come inside.
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.
She's from France.
Haven't seen you for ages.
He is acting on his own behalf.
He is no ordinary student.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
That's neat.
This squirrel is allergic to nuts.
You owe Tom three hundred dollars.
Is it a nice place?
Mark your maximum efforts.
I‘m ironing my handkerchiefs.
Did anyone call me while I was out?
Is he sleeping?
Whatever language you study, it takes time.
Tom is clean.
My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother.
It's embarrassing to be seen without make-up so please don't stare.
When Mary entered the room, Jack suddenly stopped talking.
We have different ways of thinking with regard to this issue.
Tom was sitting alone at one of the tables near the door.
It's impossible to get there by noon.
He left Tokyo for Osaka.
Should we use genetic engineering on people?
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.
We heard tigers roaring in the distance.
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.
Tom will go there tomorrow.
These are unisex pyjamas.
Moths are attracted by light.
There are no taxis, so I must walk.
Not only are you wrong, but I am wrong too.
This is my bike.
A doctor was called in right away.
He is less clever than his elder brother.
This is only a horse.
Happy Qixi Festival!
Mary works as a cashier.
I want them killed.
I feel like I'm going to faint.
Er, how do you use this?
The conference is to be held in Tokyo.
This organization cannot exist without you.
I don't understand music.
He runs faster than me.
Spring will be here soon.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
You understand, right?
How do you spell your last name?
I studied English, French and Chinese.
Tom stayed at home because he's sick.
They were scolded by the teacher.
So don't use this for pranking, right?
How can I get there?
We want complete sentences.
He is difficult to get along with.
I'll get in.
I have not been to New Zealand.
Don't be fooled.
I haven't decided which job to apply for.
You don't want to go to Ukraine.
Instead of going to Europe, I decided to go to America.
John Motson is one of the most famous British commentators.
That couldn't have gone any worse.
Your plan requires a large amount of money.
He's kicking me!
The flowers will look more beautiful in the vase.
I would prefer the second sentence.
I didn't say I was scared.
Tom should've finished it by now.
Do you think I'm stupid?
He is speaking English.
Are they not Englishmen?
He waited for me until I arrived.
He is twice as old as she is.
How hot is that?
"I think you like your job." "On the contrary, I hate it."
Yes, we promise.
This ticket is made ​​out of paper.
Why is judo the best choice for your child?
He has little experience in teaching.
I miss you so much.
The company will soon go bankrupt.
I like him.
It's unbelievably beautiful!
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
I'm using the computer.
I don't want to go home.
This is my first time to visit Australia.
Let's take a rest.
I came to Beijing last month.
Stir the soup.
He is introverted.
I hate opera.
Tom heard Mary play the piano.
I only know about these.
I've gained weight.
If you do silly things, you must accept the consequences without complaining.
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns.
Where are the strawberries?
I'd buy a new house if I had the money.
Not all Brazilians enjoy Carnival.
Do not oversleep tomorrow morning.
She's asking for the impossible.
If I had the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
I only don't want to marry you.
He thinks that they are eager for glory.
We have a few packages in here.
I'm sure I've seen him before.
There's very little paper left.
There are seven continents on the earth.
There are many hungry people in the world.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The dog next door is dangerous.
There is a knife missing.
I've had enough of your excuses.
I was just about to leave.
A garden planted with pine trees.
Who would forbid such a thing?
Would you like to go to the zoo this afternoon?
Measure thrice, cut once.
Did you watch TV tonight?
I'm not responsible for what Tom did.
What's in the living room?
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.
He shaved his mustache off.
He just came back from the library.
Sami has to sit with his sister.
We want to do it now.
I am going to enquire at the service desk if there are any restaurants around here.
It's awfully cold this evening.
The longer you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
He's trying it himself now.
I want to close the door.
Get yourself something to eat from the fridge.
Since you're here, we might as well begin.
There's somebody in there.
From here we see the city.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
There's no way off the island.
Dan didn't even take basic anatomy classes.
Are you sure you and Tom have enough water?
How much money did you spend in Boston?
A committee was constituted to investigate prices.
I didn't lie.
How long will the meeting last?
Seen any movies lately?
My younger brother is watching TV.
Does the room have air conditioning?
He lost his way in the woods.
Do you want to talk?
No students were absent.
Hearing the news, he jumped out of his chair.
Tomorrow evening, both my dad and my mom are at home.
She got married against her father's will.
Tom searched inside the closet.
My wife buys vegetables from a supermarket nearby.
Tom seemed to like your cooking.
Your school is so kind to reimburse you for the return airfare.
Tom said that he keeps a gun in his home.
Linux experts are able to use the command line.
Give me your location.
He left in the blink of an eye.
Why are they angry?
He was happy at the news of her success.
This table takes up too much space.
Tom likes to have fun.
By what age do you want to get married?
Pandas are very clever.
Having lived in Tokyo, I know the city well.
Tom is playing the violin now.
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Ann can't find a job.
I don't think that Tom has any teaching experience.
I finished eating this cake.
A newborn baby is liable to fall ill.
Have you returned?
I fight in the cause of justice.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
Do Tom and Mary work together?
If you think education is expensive, wait till you see what ignorance costs you.
Don't avoid my question.
Quieten down!
We found the beds quite comfortable.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
Tom was a bad coach.
There is a map on the wall.
I competed with him for the championship.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
Let's see what's in the box.
They're gone.
His appearance deceived me.
Seen from a plane, that island is very beautiful.
I don't think he'll be able to do it by himself.
Sorry, the flight is already full.
Why has this happened?
Come to my house this afternoon.
Soon after that, I began to fall asleep.
What's the minimum wage in your country?
She asked for my help.
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.
There are many ways to improve one's life.
We'd like to have some wine.
I have a tool.
What do you like doing in your free time?
How do I get to New York?
Jane is not able to swim.
I have never travelled in an airplane.
Throwing garbage on the street is not a good habit, remember?
How many different schools have you attended?
I lost my ticket. What should I do?
Jump down! There is nothing else you can do!
He plays baseball every day.
We caught some large fish there.
The computer's color is red.
Every month at our company, they run a community activity.
Could you guys help us call a taxi?
There are four Chinese books in front of the telephone.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
Thanks for the memories.
She came near being drowned.
Strawberries are in season now.
It's dangerous to mix these substances.
I haven't smoked for ages.
Compiling a dictionary demands an enormous amount of time.
He makes mountains out of molehills.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
I argued with Yoko a little bit.
I have diarrhea.
He's a very disagreeable man.
How did Tom know?
What Tom really wanted was enough money to buy Mary some flowers.
He often walks to school.
They monopolized the supply market and drastically raised prices.
You can always count on Tom.
A conservative is not always a reactionary.
There's no point in taking a camera.
You should run for city council.
Tom is still just as poor as he used to be.
This is the first time that I've heard about it.
How romantic!
It looks like they have made up again.
Tom doesn't know that you were helping me.
He likes to throw the bull.
The snow is melted.
Let's drive to the lake.
Why is my internet access so slow?
I can do it in a week.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
I cried, too.
I want to become a teacher of Japanese.
I can hardly hear you.
I continued to try swimming in the river.
The doctor works from morning until night.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
Does he speak English?
He sleeps during the day and works at night.
I know Tom can stop me from doing that.
The country declared war against its neighbor.
I found the book which I had lost the day before.
I'm now busy writing a book.
It was getting dark.
This Chinese book is not too difficult for us.
I am glad that you have succeeded.
She went down to the fifth floor.
You have to leave home at six.
Are you being paid for doing this?
I'll be right with you.
He sure likes oranges, doesn't he?
My colleague and I do the same job, but he was promised a promotion in a very short while.
I was pretty hungry.
I was watching television at the time.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Don't forget to lock up when you leave.
I don't read the newspapers.
What do you think about these poems?
Which university are you studying at?
I was happy yesterday.
He gave me 12 cloves of garlic.
I'd be delighted if you could come with us.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
He did not sacrifice his life, nor did he sell out his organization.
Our teacher is someone who likes precision, and always demands precise answers of her students.
I'm dying of thirst.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
I've never heard of this actor.
Have you eaten a piece of raw fish?
I'm a little fat.
It was as hard as rock.
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
You'll get used to it rapidly.
He likes watching tennis on television.
I want to talk to your uncle.
They grow oranges in California.
I wish to climb Mt. Fuji again.
I grew up in the country.
Japan needed contact with the Western countries.
Please hurry.
The girl did not like to wash dishes, but she made the best of it.
That is a circus!
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
Stay with us in this room.
She slowly lost hope.
We must die sooner or later.
It's no joke.
How should we deal with this matter?
I asked Tom what he was reading.
Ali is a good person.
Be careful during the pandemic.
He will be busy next month.
Is the bank open?
Tom and Mary look like they're enjoying the party.
Fill out this form, please.
There are no clocks in my room.
English is studied in Japan.
Do you know the girl standing by the window?
I know that Tom is watching me.
I don't like the way she speaks.
Cows supply us with many things we need.
I haven't gotten any messages from him since then.
Are there many tourists in Armenia?
Hong Kong was returned to China in 1997.
He's very nice with her.
Last week five students were absent from class.
He swindled her.
I feel a whole lot better today.
How long have you been in Kushiro?
The third most frequent letter in Esperanto is "e".
An eclipse of the sun is a rare appearance.
The library is in the center of the city.
It is time for me to stop.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
I invited them to the party.
How can one achieve such brilliant results?
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
Is that the station?
Which way is the canteen?
Tom and Mary are where they belong.
I know him by name, but not by sight.
I really don't care.
Were you playing tennis yesterday morning?
I felt cold and uncomfortable the entire night.
The police were able to find the criminal.
He asked me why I was laughing.
The criminal has not been caught yet.
Are you sure that you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
You can't blame Tom for getting angry.
He took me to the park yesterday.
Are they students?
Every country has its own customs.
How are you feeling this morning?
Was that what Tom said?
What'll you be doing tomorrow?
I've gotten older, isn't it?
Mr Wood came into the field.
The boy is kind.
School finishes before noon on Saturdays.
Let's finish up in a hurry.
The accident arose from a simple mistake.
Things change from time to time, and one should change with them.
I will help you buy one concert ticket.
My uncle never writes letters.
I almost didn't meet her.
A great many students were absent from school.
Who was here?
Is there any difference whether I clean my room today, tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow?
We would like to buy a sofa.
She wore a long, loose coat.
What woke you up?
When do you want to meet them?
We rented the flat.
My grandfather lived to be ninety.
I can swim across the river.
I managed to repair my car by myself.
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
Two beers, please.
My father began jogging last month.
Everything's ready.
Do you think her story is false?
We closed the restaurant three hours early yesterday.
He deliberately exposed her to danger.
This dress really suits her.
He was jealous of my success.
We should work faster.
He lives just across the road.
I'll phone you in a couple of days.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
Stop shooting.
I heard him coming downstairs.
Come quick!
Laura Ingalls grew up on the prairie.
French is her mother tongue.
They're talking.
He fled Algeria.
We cannot tell a good person from a bad one by looks alone.
I'm sure Tom will do his best.
I got my friends to help me.
They were abandoned by their mother.
We call him Tom.
I didn't sleep well last night.
I made some mistakes on the test.
Where were you last night?
His patience is worn out.
I aimed my gun at the target.
I'll call you tomorrow morning.
He walked past the house.
Tell me about it!
She'll try again.
How old are you?
Anybody may participate.
This is not my Japanese friend.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
I am nothing.
"Excuse me, do you speak English?" "Yes. A little."
Tom isn't interested in Mary at all.
He was suffering from a bad headache.
I booked a seat at this restaurant.
Just think of the difficulties!
The ladies were in evening dress.
Don't be rude!
Tom got drunk with his friends in the park.
This country considers every neighboring country as a threat.
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
What he likes is jelly.
We lived from hand to mouth in those days.
I like being on the team.
He forgot to do his homework.
There isn't any soap.
He is a homeless person.
She hasn't come yet.
The radio is a bit loud.
Can you turn the TV down?
I want to live here.
I've got to see a dentist.
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Which planet are you from?
Tom is not good at math.
Go get your helmet.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
What are you fond of?
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
I ate five avocados.
I don't want to do this again.
Do you speak Russian?
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
Is your school in this town?
Fresh food is wonderful.
This gift is for you.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
The storm had a serious effect on the economy.
Oh, I'm sick.
She was envious of her cousin's success.
If you keep on endlessly complaining, I will get angry.
Tom knew he should help Mary.
My dog goes everywhere with me.
Who likes beans?
It is very important to master English in short time.
I went to the zoo yesterday.
Mary is probably rich.
I want to learn how to swim.
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
Does anyone know Tom?
Would you mind closing the window?
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn't enough.
That's too much.
Tom made me do it.
I'm tied up now.
The old man got off the bus.
If I were healthy, I would be happy.
I've seen it with my own eyes.
They are not enemies, but friends.
He looks like an honest man.
He won't live a long life.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
I don't love you, Maria.
It doesn't really matter.
I think you're jealous.
Please send me your picture.
To be in love is not the same as loving. You can be in love with a woman and still hate her.
Do you have an extra English dictionary by any chance?
He's in a bad mood.
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.
He is not qualified for the job.
Don't share this with anyone.
She didn't mind doing the dishes.
It seldom snows here in the winter.
I think you should take the test again.
Did you just get to know him?
Why are you so mad?
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
This room's orientation is great.
It's still early.
She is about my age.
Perhaps you are right, I have been selfish.
Will you tell me the way to his house?
I don't know when he will come.
Father, What were you just doing?
How many letters are there in the alphabet?
Do you want to have sushi tonight?
All the things I bought have already arrived.
Gao Dao is usually really suave, but he seems completely smitten in front of his girlfriend.
Tom became a doctor.
Anger me again, I might just peel your skin off.
Don't forget Tom is allergic to peanuts.
The neighborhood was silent.
This size is too large for me.
What are they protesting against?
Keep your elbows off the table.
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.
Wake up!
It's obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
I didn't find anything.
Let's hope so.
I, too, have been to Boston many times.
This flag is very pretty.
I want to retire soon.
Germany adjoins the Netherlands.
Tom drew a straight line on the paper.
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
When did the movie start?
It is rude of him not to give me a call.
The knight swore an oath of allegiance to the king.
It smells so good.
You have to study Japanese harder.
I don't think my life is very interesting.
I'm sure they'll win.
I farted in class, and the teacher threw me out.
I waited for them.
My uncle is an amateur cricket player.
I have a lot of pictures.
He won the third prize.
Have you noticed any changes in your hair or nails?
Some people like summer, and others like winter.
She was afraid to tell her parents.
I did what I promised to do for them.
The wheel began to roll slowly.
If you prick us, do we not bleed?
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
I could not convince him of his mistake.
My sons are soldiers.
I must take the opportunity to improve my language ability.
Are you a student of Japanese?
I can't give up smoking.
Who's that guy?
Why are you visiting the United Kingdom?
I think we should concentrate on other things.
He ran away with the money.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
Mommy, may I go swimming?
You may not smoke in this room.
The red house is the house that Jack built.
In adolescence, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.
He was dismissed by the boss of the factory.
That name is Ken.
The two of them are two busy now; they can't talk to you.
Don't you really want anything?
He is an excellent fixer, and has always been regarded as such.
To master English is difficult.
He is a very loving person.
I want to sit down.
Even when it rains, I go to the park every day to run.
To govern a country is not an easy job.
My flight was delayed.
Water is much needed.
I'm wounded.
I'll tell my wife.
We have a good view of the sea from the window.
We like the snow.
Prices depend on supply and demand.
This family has a five year old child.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a star and a planet.
Don't throw out this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
She got up at seven in the morning.
My heart began to beat fast.
We arrived at the museum after a ten-minute walk.
I gave the beggar all the money I had.
Yumi has many books.
I'm amazed at your audacity.
I'm on the beach playing volleyball.
Could you show me your return ticket?
She's sitting on the bench.
Just be patient.
I talk to myself.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
He has poor eyesight.
I overslept.
May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
It's really disturbing not to have Wi-Fi in the mountains.
Due to a lack of balance the ship turned over.
Tom didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was studying.
I'm a bachelor.
Please let me help you if you need.
Several years went by.
He talked for an entire hour.
Don't go to extremes.
I get depressed by the slightest things.
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.
I laid myself on the grass.
Hokkaido is very far, isn't it?
Something strange is going on.
Let's get married!
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
I am Egyptian.
In March, many flowers come out.
The girl has a sweet heart.
He likes to read my Chinese books.
Keep going.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
We got up after midnight.
Tom wanted Mary's phone number, but she refused to give it to him.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
We'll be going outside to observe nature for this. Thus, a good pencil, eraser, and possibly a paint brush are required.
The hunters aimed at the elephant.
I cannot put up with her behavior.
Anger is punishing yourself for other people's mistakes.
Control is everything.
Roger that.
That river flows into the Pacific.
This trip of mine would need twelve days in total.
Do you have a guilty conscience?
He is a novelist and poet.
Beer is sold by the pint.
A prince arrived, riding a white horse.
What's for dinner tonight?
Shit! I've got a flat.
The king ordered that the prisoner should be set free.
It was less than one kilometer to the village post office.
Are you guys having fun?
Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
His parents are moving back to their home town.
Is there any chance that he'll resign?
Free Turtle Island!
Has the movie started?
That guy drives me crazy.
I realize I messed up.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
The locals call this river the man-eating river and fear it.
A rock fell from above.
I don't want you to tell her.
The bell hasn't rung yet.
I don't know whether you like her or not.
How many people are in your school?
His joke was great.
Please tell me why Tom was fired.
She hired me to help her.
I want to finish the work on my own.
Look out!
We closed the discussion.
What a pretty girl!
How can we save Tom?
Pick up your things and go away.
Animals cannot exist without air and water.
I'm sorry!
Many English words are derived from Latin.
I've tried to contact Tom.
Nothing is more important than friendship.
He began to cry.
She can drive a car.
The Seine flows through Paris.
I forgot to close the windows.
My parents don't understand me.
He believes that there is a spy among us.
Children need a lot of sleep.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is 642 yen per hour.
Can I give you a hug?
The calf should be separated from its mother.
I can't find the broom.
Sooner or later, his luck will run out.
Universities have classrooms and dormitories.
The police are after him.
What you say is quite wide of the mark.
He won't build a university in Finland.
Excuse me, but would you mind if I opened the window?
A cornered rat will bite a cat.
That wasn't too bad.
In order to deal with repeat offenders, Mr Johnson is also establishing a "two strikes and you're out" policy - serious breaches of the rules will result in permanent removal of free travel rights.
He vanished without a trace.
He's as talkative as ever.
Will you tell me why you like her?
She's getting married next month.
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
Will it be hot again tomorrow?
We are going to climb that mountain.
I want to speak in French.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She asked us several questions.
I'd like some advice on something.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
I live in this neighborhood.
My name is Xiao Yu.
He was the first to arrive.
Concerning this matter... I really don’t know.
I'm dying of laughter.
He doesn't believe in God.
The whole school agreed to the proposal.
He had an accident.
What is this place?
Do you have school today?
I'm tired.
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
I usually use a credit card instead of cash.
The broccoli today isn't very fresh.
I'm glad I could help you.
My parents had already eaten by the time I got home.
He threw a stone into the pond.
Our problems are nothing compared to hers.
I'm not well at all.
I used to run a small bookstore in a shopping centre.
He said that it would probably rain.
At 6pm yesterday, he was at work.
The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
He has no children.
I have a friend whose father is a famous writer.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
Wet clothes stick to your skin.
I like tennis very much.
I would like to meet his father.
I look forward to hearing from you.
This car is your friend's?
They were surprised.
Stella really is dead!
A Mr. Miller wants to see you.
I want you to grow up.
Have you decided what you want to order?
I made my decision.
Do you want to speak Berber?
She eats nothing but vegetables.
I think I understand.
I began living by myself.
Compared to the others, doesn't the French passport look ugly?
I've recently given up smoking.
How well do you know Tom?
Only two days remain.
Close the door, please.
Everybody knew Tom could speak French well.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
He likes collecting old coins.
Blimey! Swiss trains have got the lot!
There can only be one world champion. The question is: Who will it be?
Bring him in.
In common with many people he likes holidays.
I'm sorry, Tom, but seeing how much you've disappointed me, I'm afraid that I am unable to believe in your abilities.
A dog was run over by a truck.
It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
Please give me money.
He asked me if I was busy.
We believe him.
She took her own life.
Reception in the cellar is very poor.
In Taiwan, the differences between the four seasons have become less and less obvious. A short spring and autumn have gradually become part of the features of the four seasons.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
I am going to the store now.
Are you on Facebook?
The doctor came immediately.
Where does he come from?
The first time that I saw Tom, I thought that he was a girl.
As far as I know, this book has never been translated into Japanese.
Viking helmets with horns aren't in style in Scandinavia anymore.
He was moved to tears when he heard the news.
I'm a doctor, Jim. Not a lawyer.
They are sure to fall in love.
Yamamoto is one of my friends.
My car's in the shop.
I'm short of money.
Some of my classmates like volleyball and others enjoy tennis.
Tom took Friday off.
You ought to see a doctor.
Justice will prevail in the end.
But it smells strange.
Did you buy it today or yesterday?
How do you make this soup?
He seems to be ill.
This ball is that boy's treasure.
Do you have any grounds for thinking so?
It's too late, anyhow.
Where can we make a phone call?
The knife is not sharp.
You've had a very restless night.
I think Tom is very cool.
We have enough time.
We know it was you that killed Tom.
Do you have a lot of time to relax?
My premonition turned out to be right.
He's also a salesman.
Shut the door.
It's a quarter to three.
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers.
Tom married an older girl.
We can change if we want to.
Is your daughter up?
Please don't misunderstand me.
Merchants only look at the profits.
It goes without saying that health is important.
Something must be done!
Someone is playing the piano.
Don't forget to put out the light before you go to bed.
I don't want the fish head or the bones.
He goes to drink beer every night.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Do you know when the musician will come here?
The weather is nice.
What are you doing at home?
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.
They are trying to drive Japanese goods out of the market.
I did that all on my own.
The butcher knife is in the drawer.
What can Tom do?
He's making biscuits.
I'm seeing her this evening.
They have been married for ten years.
She's Tom's younger sister.
Get me some towels from the bathroom.
He said he wasn't coming back.
Travel agencies' profits soared.
I'm looking for my keys. Have you seen them?
How long have you been abroad?
She's wearing a lot of jewellery.
Wouldn't you like to get some fresh air?
Tom is younger than me.
Where are all the people going? Is there a fair?
I often read books.
The train was crowded with people.
He is not as old as he seems.
Tell him it's important.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
Nowadays it's not possible to protect oneself against weapons of mass destruction.
Anne has many admirers.
We were on the same train by chance.
Tom doesn't care about money.
He can't sing well.
Tom is the tallest in his class.
How do you like Japan?
Who's going with me?
Emily has a friend named Melanie.
The heat is making me crave for an ice cream.
The universe is about 13.75 thousand million years old.
Children are fond of cake.
Mike makes about 300 yuan a day.
I can call her.
Don't add annotations.
I will ask him about it tomorrow, then.
My uncle gave me the watch.
The building is seven stories high.
Have pity on me.
Your view is too optimistic.
He has been ill in bed for four days.
That's the chair that I really like.
I know her address.
She had a little money.
He was opposed to monopolies.
Tomorrow I'll go out with friends after having lunch.
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
I want to see a movie.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
The weather is cold.
I don't want to disappoint you.
My mobile has been stolen.
Algeria is in the midst of an economic crisis.
Is it free?
The meeting is held twice a month.
A famous architect built this house.
He never saw his father again.
Who is your favourite photographer?
We're humans.
I asked him for a favor.
Our city used to be a village.
I don't know if you feel the same as I do.
What did you do last Christmas?
He's feeling really low.
This book is easy to read.
She was all eyes as he opened the jewelry box.
It is sometimes difficult to make yourself understood in public.
Tom bought a pair of black leather shoes.
Will you go to the cinema tonight?
She was only frightened, not injured.
I love you, Tom.
She sang well as a child.
She's not a child.
The whole class is present once a week.
I'm still miles off becoming a doctor.
He thought that I'm very tired.
We have issues we have to deal with.
Tom is going to be proud of you.
Hi, Bill. How are you?
This is not a spider, it's a monster!
It is a good idea.
When will the stock arrive?
He was the last but two to arrive.
Why do you want to buy this book?
It is necessary for you to go there.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
That Space, as our mathematicians have it, is spoken of as having three dimensions, which one may call Length, Breadth, and Thickness, and is always definable by reference to three planes, each at right angles to the others.
Tom forgot to write his name on the test paper.
He had various experiences in his life.
She needs our help.
I like Ozodbek's songs.
He entered his room.
I can't swim well.
I will be a doctor someday.
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
She showed greater composure than others did.
Tom doesn't eat pork.
Put them on the baking pan and smear them with egg whites.
I stand guard.
I'd like to reserve a single room.
Look out for cars when you cross the road.
Tom is likely to still be outside.
Tom doesn't get enough sleep.
How far is it from here to your house?
If she knows I'm here, she'll come quickly.
Everybody has weaknesses.
What're you looking for?
We had no secrets.
I thought I told you that you should get to the concert early.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
She is walking.
As you are tired, you had better rest.
I've never done anything important.
The due date for submitting the application is this Friday.
Columbus's Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
We lack one spoon.
Don't worry!
Do you think you could make a little less noise?
I refuse to be treated like a slave by you.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
It's already October.
They worked jointly on this project.
I want to eat mango.
Where are you planning to stay?
Are they all in Spain?
I'd rather do it by myself.
It's difficult to learn a foreign language.
Do you speak Klingon?
Can you speak Shanghainese?
In my opinion, it would be difficult to solve this problem.
The flowers in the garden need to be watered.
His daughter is able to recite a lot of poems.
The teacher got quite well again.
I enjoyed driving on the new highway.
I speak a little Polish, just enough to make myself understood.
It is very difficult to work with people who are not willing to do so.
George is five years older than I am.
I can't understand how Tom could know.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
I don't know either of them.
We saw the ground covered with snow.
Study hard, and you'll succeed.
I almost left my umbrella on the train.
The world is a small village.
What's Mary's husband's name?
I am taller than he.
I'm an only child.
I found Tony.
I looked at Tom and grinned.
Some people shouldn't be forgiven.
Cut the meat into thin slices.
I can't believe Tom was able to do this all by himself.
Harvard University was founded in 1636.
We thought Tom was asleep.
Would you like to go for a drink or something to eat?
Bring your children along.
I think that Tom is photogenic.
Farmers always complain about the weather.
There are people speaking Mandarin.
My aunt made me a new skirt.
We'll cook.
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.
If the car breaks down, we'll walk.
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
David tried to hug Amanda.
You should check it out.
It happened that he found the treasure.
How is your wife?
The eight o'clock bus was early today.
Reduce to pulp by boiling.
He kept talking.
Due to differing opinions between the two, they argued angrily, before leaving unhappily.
He is eating.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he didn't know how to do that.
Please give me a minute to explain.
Only a shoe knows about a hole in a sock.
She was absorbed in writing a poem.
She looks young, but she's actually over forty.
He was drowned.
This watch is broken.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
I know the facts.
The surrounding area was very quiet.
There are only 80 Uyghurs in Switzerland.
He could not breathe deeply.
Tom says he can communicate with the dead.
I believe that Tom is innocent.
They are the same age.
Their team lost again.
Can I pay by credit card?
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
I usually bring a magazine with me when I travel.
I'm a waiter.
The plan will work out.
There are not many books on these shelves.
He will not be back tomorrow.
Where is the entrance to the museum?
Tom is the one, isn't he?
He admitted he was suspicious.
You may go or stay at will.
Tom didn't like the idea.
I'm always busy with my homework.
He speaks English very loudly.
She lost her money, her family, her friends.
Please, help her!
Tom typed in the password.
Would you take a picture of us with this camera?
She assumed that everyone would be for the plan.
He tries hard.
How long is this?
They're washing their hands.
You need a boyfriend.
Mariko is good at speaking English.
I was terribly confused by his question.
When you're hungry, anything tastes good.
A computer is a complex machine.
We often associate black with death.
I want to have sex with him.
The bag was too heavy for me to move.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
I'm seeing you in a new light.
My name's Ricardo. What's yours?
Tom looked at the photograph.
I know what they're going to do.
Tom is on the bus to the city.
This flower is violet in color.
A bird can fly.
There was no malice intended in what she said.
You can stay here as long as you want.
I don't care as long as you are happy.
Ask.
He looks old for his age.
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
Tom will never willingly go there by himself.
He doesn't like writing.
Sorry, I'm not used to seeing a priest with a sense of humor.
Can I have a look at that?
You're going to have to trust Tom.
Air is a mixture of gases.
I slept only two hours.
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
Call me if you need anything.
Have you ever seen Tom when he's angry?
I am playing baseball.
The soldier groaned with pain.
I didn't sleep well last night so I have little energy today.
Tom knows that I want to leave as soon as possible.
Is the oven really closed?
Tom thinks I need to sleep more.
Is Tom there already?
You shouldn't read other people's private letters without permission.
I made a serious mistake on the test.
Keep your voice down.
I have bought clothes.
Koreans don't like eating cilantro.
Does Tom still like jazz?
She is fond of singing old songs.
We should've studied harder.
Lucy is from America.
I laughed at his joke.
It snowed for ten consecutive days.
To your health!
That movie is worth seeing.
Don't die.
He turned the key.
Teachers should be very patient with students.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
I still don't think I'm wrong.
They do not teach them to speak English.
Please be quiet, everybody.
Is it October already?
We have got used to the cold.
I'll stay here until ten.
Didn't you notice?
Jersey has beautiful scenery.
The Second World War isn't over yet.
I don't like learning irregular verbs.
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.
That's a book.
Everyone is waiting in the other room.
We're a family.
Teacher Zhang teaches Chinese to his students at school every day.
Put on your glasses.
We sell orange juice.
He gave me all the money he had on him.
My father can't lift it up.
Who can do this work?
Nothing has resulted from his efforts.
Her mother is a pretty woman.
The most important feature of all games is that they are governed by rules.
The plan was executed.
Thanks for your quick answer.
It's a fake.
It is likely to rain tomorrow.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
"Oh, well..." thought Dima. "I suppose that I can't be picky at a time like this."
You'd better not have driven my car.
If I were you, I'd do the same.
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.
This makes us stronger.
I'm 30 years old now.
Time, which strengthens friendship, weakens love.
She sang better than him.
I know the history of Europe very well.
He can't come and visit because he's ill.
I'm sure that Tom will do very well.
I think so.
Greece is an old country.
Have you ever been to Nara?
I don't know.
She taught me how to swim.
They kept me waiting for an hour.
Ken already went to England.
Martha is an excellent pianist.
I love my dads.
I cannot afford a camera above 300 dollars.
Ever since his father died, David has been very sad.
Is it near your house?
I'll see to it.
I crossed the river by boat.
I know that he can draw.
I have a few English books.
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are a good match.
I'm glad someone told me.
We don't want any freeloaders around here.
I'm very impressed by your work.
What's your favorite tongue twister?
Have you got that in stock?
What do you think Tom's waist size is?
It is said that Japanese people are kind to people they know, but rather cold to those they don't.
They had a pillow fight.
That man is French. Are you and your sister, too?
Many of the user reviews on Amazon are fake.
In our city, we carefully separate and collect garbage.
Our fence is made of iron.
It's alright. This injection won't hurt. It will just prick a little.
Nothing is more sad than stupidity and apathy.
Let us back in.
Do you have a pen on you?
Do you know why?
This is the best way to die.
The car is waiting at the gate.
I was greatly moved by her kindness.
But having someone is already good in and of itself, and if they treat you with sincerity and love you from the bottom of their heart, then you really can entrust your life to them.
We just met.
The policeman grabbed the robber's arm.
Her plan is dangerous.
I'd like a packet of aspirin.
Christmas is rapidly approaching.
I don't know who's coming.
I'm always busy.
Mary has two boyfriends.
Did you see anything unusual lately?
I think I mistakenly deleted that file.
He took US$1 million retirement funds.
He has been to Europe many times.
What's aspirin made of?
Great progress has been made.
Many words are pronounced according to the spelling, but some are not.
She doesn't have any enemies at all.
I can take care of myself.
I wish I could give up smoking.
He's picky about suits and ties.
I will follow you wherever you go.
Do Japanese people eat sushi every day?
Tom wants to learn to sing in French.
He spoke for one hour.
It was a quiet night.
We've been here before.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
His son has talent, but cannot pass the college entrance exam.
I don't know whether I have time or not.
I'm proud of my son.
Books are scattered around the room.
Is anybody in there?
She's wearing high heels.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be intoxicated.
Were you a soldier?
I bet Tom forgot.
Tom told us this morning that he and Mary were moving to Boston.
Get into your car.
Have you eaten enough?
Tom walked out.
This box is made of paper.
What a marvelous person your brother is!
Jane sometimes runs to school.
Would you like to have a drink before dinner?
My mother stood for awhile, then sighed as she returned to her room.
Tom has very good handwriting.
It's a sunflower.
Tom rented a movie.
Tom was the first to react.
I don't want to do it again.
He penned it down so as to not forget it.
Acid acts on things which contain metal.
Sitting down all day is bad for you.
I was born on April 3, 1950.
He raised the glass to his mouth and drained it all in one shot.
Well begun is half done.
There was complete silence.
Wait just a little bit. It'll be done immediately.
We mistook him for an American.
How blue the sky is!
I have plenty of friends.
I've only met him once so far.
Concerning the content below, I want to verify two things.
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.
I teach classes here five days a week.
The car hit a wall.
Yanni was losing his temper.
Let's do that after school.
She is dressed in white.
Life never ends but earthly life does.
What time do you go home?
Please add it to my account.
Millions of people die of hunger each year.
They have twelve children.
You seem to be a little under the weather.
I heard that you're not coming.
Is it true that you authorized the driver to take the car home?
Some people believe in ghosts.
What he's saying is not necessarily true.
You should sleep.
What is this flag?
We're having a party tomorrow night.
One after another, the animals died.
The kid is clanging away with his toy.
Wrong.
I am yours and you are mine.
You're in luck.
Patty is a smart student.
Strictly speaking, the earth is not round.
We're not the ones getting married.
He knows every inch of this area.
No man can resist the lure of a woman.
But you like it!
He has a good grasp of English.
Your Spanish is amazing now.
He misled her.
Where's the kitchen?
I'm asking you what you think.
But he is bad at reading English.
It's hot today.
Has Mike quit drinking?
Don't forget to do that again, OK?
I'm very tired.
This chair is very comfortable.
Yesterday I played tennis for the first time.
We have to leave in five minutes.
Tell me a good story.
He's good looking for his age.
I don't know how to explain it.
Hope is not a strategy.
Paper is white.
Read good books.
Please accept my sincere congratulations on your success today.
Tom didn't even notice Mary had gone.
There's no need to apologize.
Do not make any modifications before you get confirmations.
He finished reading the book.
Tom listened carefully.
I am grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I feel flattered.
Tom and Mary said they weren't old enough to drink.
That's the most absurd idea I've ever heard.
You're quite forgetful.
Japan trades with several foreign countries.
Do you deny that you went there?
Be still.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another.
Did you ever get married?
Tom has no interest in science.
I've gotten older, right?
I dare say he's not a bad boy.
What you are saying doesn't make sense.
All Sadako could do now was to make paper cranes and hope for a miracle.
May I smoke here?
The ice on the lake is too thin to bear your weight.
Sami's room was open.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
That child is eating a roll.
Guess what? Tom and Mary broke up.
There is no need to reply to that letter.
Young children are often fascinated by science.
I will play Sudoku then instead of continuing to bother you.
Tom is polite and sensitive.
I'm terribly busy.
Where do you cook?
I'd prefer not to say.
I am suspicious of him.
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?
She's just jealous of your youth.
He was late because of the snow.
I know that you know that I know.
Of course you're the one providing, go!
You can watch TV after supper.
Tom ripped up the letter.
From the practical point of view, there are many shortcomings in his plan.
I can't remember.
I thought that that's what we needed.
The chances are he's already heard the news.
It's correct now!
She's chewing gum, isn't she?
She was on the verge of crying.
You have to adapt to circumstances.
I don't think she cares very much.
My mother is a very good cook.
It's more difficult than you think.
If her temperature goes up, send for the doctor.
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.
We're having dinner.
Tom dealt the cards.
I want him to play the guitar.
He is studying in the library now.
I still need an answer.
Maybe things would get better.
I think of you all the time.
Give this hat to your mother!
It's going to get cold tonight.
Will you play tennis after school?
I saw many birds yesterday morning.
Tom slept.
We met in 2008. A year later, we got married.
Are you tired?
I'll give you whatever you want.
It's not wrong, but it's rarely written like that.
I will say something about it.
This dictionary is no good.
Call us.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
Wires are used to convey electricity.
He's stubborn.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
We have run out of gas.
I love the sound of children laughing.
I'm going to go now.
I like this song.
She pretended not to hear what he was saying.
You have no sense of direction.
Sugar melts in hot water.
She said that she would dance with me if I brought her red roses.
I'm not sure Tom would help.
All of our students are studying French.
I usually wear jeans on Sunday.
What have I got to lose?
That's the man whose kids are so nice.
He was arrested for abusing public funds.
I thought you liked to learn new things.
Don't cut in!
Did you hear the click?
I'll do anything.
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
We do not anticipate their buying a new car.
Go ahead with your story.
She can't stop laughing.
Tom says he's tired.
Is your mum at home?
This product claims to help you lose weight.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
I just showered.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't want her to go to Boston with me.
Hey, what in the world am I going to major in at college?
Jane swims better than Yumi.
Hurry up or we'll be late.
I want to study maths.
Yesterday a friend of mine that I hadn't seen in years gave me a call out of the blue asking to borrow money.
We've got to wait for them to finish playing - there's still a while to go!
You swim better than me.
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
You are not coming.
To give a definition of a word is more difficult than to give an illustration of its usage.
Use this.
Humanity's food, cloth, place of living, transport, entertainment are all created together by people around the globe. Also, people who partake in these activities only know a fraction of how the parts are created, without exception. Therefore, when we decide to help ourselves to help the entire world, as long as we focus with our entire being to create, the entire world will help us.
His little brother takes studying very seriously.
Over the next fifteen years, architects, planners and community developers will work together to transform 346 acres of industrial wasteland into 6,500 homes, two shopping centres, a marina, a primary school and college, and parkland.
Please answer this question for me.
Do you know each other?
Come in.
We enjoyed ourselves at the party.
I'm not moving to Boston.
She accused me of making a mistake.
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.
I don't understand this word.
What's the use of reading magazines?
He has to support his mother and his sister.
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
I have the blues today.
That female student is American.
I think you're old enough.
She doesn't eat the red apple.
I'll wait here until he comes back.
Be realistic!
I'd like to hear you play the piano.
Above all, you must take good care of yourself.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
There is not an answer for your question.
What made her do so?
What do you call your father?
That market has been rapidly expanding.
I think his opinion is very important.
I'm pregnant.
What job experience do you have?
Could I park my car here?
I had Mr Jones correct my composition.
She is always well made up.
It's time to eat lunch.
We're going to Boston tomorrow.
I hate you.
There was a lot of snow last year.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
Are you a hands-on person?
Delete Tom's name from the list.
It snowed for ten days in a row.
You've got two books?
That's not your problem.
We take great pleasure in meeting all of you this evening.
I'm not talking to you, I am talking to the monkey.
Let's not talk about it any more.
The movie was interesting, as I had expected.
It needs to be repaired.
Guess what he told me.
China is an advocate for the Diaoyu Islands' sovereignty.
Caution, dangerous dog!
I don't know what to believe anymore.
I advised him to give up smoking.
I like math least of all.
Farmers sow seeds in the spring.
Does that make me weird?
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
The future looked very gloomy.
He took her words as a compliment.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
How's your job going?
I'm drooling.
He's a quiet man, a little bald on top.
You can use this car.
Which do you like better, this or that?
I don't like jokes like that.
I want to help you to study French.
My mother plays the piano well.
This is really good. Buy this one.
How did you get to know him?
I'm still good.
Grab him.
A rabbit has long ears and a short tail.
You're welcome.
I found the lyrics, but I can't copy-paste them.
We will continue the meeting after some light refreshments.
This minibus holds 25 persons.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you on that matter.
Teaching is learning.
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.
Is there a difference?
She really doesn't like dogs.
I can't stand naughty children.
Quit gambling.
You are not Japanese.
Tom lives in the heart of the city.
The lamp was suspended from the branch of a tree.
I cannot read French.
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.
Mummy cried.
She was very proud of her father.
My calf has been hurting since yesterday.
Hopefully, we can all stay healthy.
He came five minutes behind the appointed time.
I couldn't make her out at all.
He didn't mean to hurt you.
Tom doesn't have to go to Boston next week.
Her name wasn't on the list.
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
She's from Austria.
You were at my wedding.
The population of this country is gradually diminishing.
Can you make it to our usual place at 7:00 p.m. tonight?
I heard you are going to get married.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.
He hurt his foot, he can't play football anymore.
Fiona's letters were becoming less and less frequent.
How much does this cost?
I have been taking this medication for many years.
Let's meet here again tomorrow.
Father recovered his health.
I can't really describe it.
I will see them next week.
Tom doesn't speak much French.
I've got one for you.
I like spring the best.
I'm glad I could help out.
I can't afford to buy a new car.
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
I will send it by email this afternoon.
None of them would admit to being the culprit.
I like to play basketball.
We can see Mt. Fuji clearly today.
I'm sorry to put you through that.
Is that what it's called?
They made him do the work again.
I'm repairing the house.
They both are wearing hats.
Tom won't be here long.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
This homework is difficult for me.
Nobody knows the truth.
We want to get more information.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
She was really upset at the time. She cried in the dorm the entire day.
That is all I have.
If you hurry, you will catch up with him.
How annoying.
Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
I added a new Chinese translation.
Tom is asleep on the couch.
She has a tender heart.
When are you going home?
The address on this parcel is wrong.
The accident almost cost him his life.
Children are our future.
Can Tom come tomorrow?
Don't you want to go out?
I don't know what to do.
Do you regret marrying me?
I'd rather die than surrender.
Every member must attend.
You knew about this already, didn't you?
He showed interest in the plan.
Hi. How are you?
I'll play a sonata for you.
Brian went to school with Kate.
Mary said she didn't learn anything at school today.
There's no hope.
He hasn't eaten.
Can I open this box?
Give Tom a hand.
He was seriously injured in the accident.
Ladies first.
Don't bug me.
I like cracking sunflower seeds.
You should have introduced yourself to the girl.
The magazine is issued twice a month.
Were you at school at that time?
There is a bridge over the pond.
Can we trust her?
Tom is a hick.
It is utterly impossible to finish the work within a month.
After the accident, Tom decided to stop skating.
Forgive me!
Ahh, it's dim sim time.
We're waiting for Tom.
"Haven't we met somewhere before?" asked the student.
The mechanic assembled the engine.
My father is a heavy smoker.
She took the entrance exam yesterday.
"Do you want another cup of coffee?" "Sure, make mine on the small side but be generous with my brother's."
Those tulips are beautiful.
This pen has run dry.
Let me help you.
Whatever words you have, just say them.
Astronomy is at the same time the most ancient and the most modern science.
I wish it were fine today.
The fiction reduced girls to tears.
We're going up into the mountains, so why don't you come with us?
I don't work tomorrow.
I don't know what I should be doing right now.
These dresses were designed by the same designer.
Our city's zoo is big and new.
It makes me feel good.
There are thousands of participants at today's event.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
Tom was bitten by a snake.
What color do you think she likes?
He took over his father's business.
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.
I'm really into soccer.
Tom has low blood pressure.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Maybe next time.
I like coffee better than tea.
I want a car, but I have no money to buy one.
His son doesn't work at a bank.
I'm tired of translating.
My job is taking care of the baby.
I saw you kissing Tom.
Are you in a good mood?
On the plate there is a piece of chicken, a potato and some peas.
How much does a beer cost?
I've already talked to this student.
I don't like big dogs.
He put up a brave and lone struggle, but up against such heavy odds he couldn't get his business plan accepted.
We have five English classes a week.
I think that Brazil has the strongest football team in the world and they have a good chance of winning the 2014 World Cup.
Life is often compared to a journey.
He quit.
A brass band is marching along the street.
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?
I want to stay home.
Would you like more coffee?
It wasn't his idea.
Is your school far from here?
They are peace-loving people.
It is our duty to obey the law.
Why didn't she come?
Kelly will appear on TV.
It won't take so long.
The train for Birmingham leaves from platform 3.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
I'm still a beginner.
Stay off the grass.
Perhaps he would not celebrate Chinese New Year again.
The soul is made up of reason, determination, and passion.
It's hard to tell Englishmen from Americans just by the way they look.
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.
Do you know what the time is?
I am playing the piano now.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
Her eyes are dark.
He is close to sixty.
Where does your uncle live?
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind on the train.
Standard Chinese, commonly referred to as Mandarin, is based on Pekinese.
"Who do these shoes belong to?" "To Tom."
No, he's our business manager.
I have a question I need to ask you.
As usual, he placed the key on the table.
There's a red candle on top of the bathroom sink.
What's the round-trip fare?
His phone's camera broke.
The patient got better little by little.
Tom has already hired a new lawyer.
I felt my heart beating violently.
I can't hear very well.
Some people are good, some people are bad.
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.
This is our passport.
Going to bed early and waking up early is very good both for your health and appearance.
No one's going to see us.
He is in poor health.
To whom are you referring?
Never tell me a lie again.
Delegates from many countries participated in the conference.
Mr. Smith is drinking coffee.
I met Ken yesterday.
She's just a child.
Do you go to school by bus?
Ok.
I love my life.
We spent the weekend with friends.
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone.
Kate speaks English very fast.
For me, it's important.
Have you done all your homework?
What should I buy?
In fact, there are countless, varied uses for the Internet.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
He heard his name called from behind.
What did you eat?
I can understand what she is saying.
I am not a scientist at all.
Be quiet. The kids are asleep.
I'm going to the barber today.
I have class tomorrow.
Anger is a type of madness.
She looks as if she's almost lost it.
He was the man that broke the window yesterday.
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice.
Yesterday was cloudy.
Is this the train station?
Don't open this door, please.
You just put a toy down on the table.
We'll go when it quits raining.
It was very dark in Susan's room.
I like pop music.
It hardly ever snows here in the winter.
I know what you did.
My neck hurts.
There is a village beyond the hill.
The child followed me to the park.
They entertained us at dinner last night.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
"Tom and Mary have broken up." "That's ancient history."
Very Moe!
He is not the teacher.
The headline caught my eye this morning.
Please don't get me wrong.
The sight of fresh lobster gave me an appetite.
Please remember to write to Tom.
Look behind you.
Please show me the schedule.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
You cannot achieve anything without effort.
I like that person.
The result was modest.
She's young, naive and inexperienced.
You are my friend.
I must hand in the report today.
Tom may be here.
This goblet is made of gold.
I have a Facebook account.
Portugal was once an agricultural country.
The teacher has never made fun of the students' mistakes.
I'm going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
What do you usually do after dinner?
Christmas is a special holiday.
I'm fixing the radio that I found on my way home.
I don't drink or smoke.
They found out.
Can you show me on the map?
The admission is ten dollars a person.
He gave him a book.
I was very much surprised at the news.
Let's go by metro.
Many predictions fail.
May I pay by check?
This junction is notorious for accidents.
We have to take him to the hospital immediately; he is seriously injured!
So far we have been quite successful.
Kyoto depends on the tourist industry.
After I talked with my teacher, I decided to work hard.
A lot of people don't know how to do that.
I'll be in my office.
I'm going to buy three tickets.
He is also here.
I filled the bucket with water.
I like coffee.
It is true that television also has some disadvantages.
How do you make your money?
The tap is dripping.
This may sound like blowing my own horn, but ...
Your eyes remind me of stars.
The world doesn't revolve around you.
I couldn't make out what he meant by 'megafeps'.
Is there a service charge for that?
I prefer apples to oranges.
She's good at tennis.
It may sound strange, but what she said is true.
Tom asked Mary where she usually went shopping.
It is how it is.
You should understand, this is serious.
You're dating a Keio student, aren't you?
What has happened to him?
Can I sit here?
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.
Emily studied some Romanian.
We must sleep at least eight hours a day.
I want to get smarter.
I love him despite his faults.
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.
I had to abstain from smoking while I was in the hospital.
No, I don't have a girlfriend.
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
He's always running short of cash.
Tom told me he would be here by 2:30.
I don't even have time for a walk.
I wonder why he did that.
My gums bleed.
Tom showed us his new car.
Everybody showed sympathy toward the prisoner.
It wasn't until then that I felt really frightened.
I'll give you money.
Haven't I seen you before?
Does anybody smell smoke?
Everything was only a joke.
Tomorrow is Saturday, February 5th, 2011.
It seems that I've lost my keys.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
We need not only adequate water but clean water.
Tom makes me happy, too.
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
Please give me a glass of water.
I was listening to him speak Japanese.
There's no smoke without fire.
She lives in Yokohama.
Thanks to his great help, we were able to solve the problem in 30 minutes.
The news spread little by little.
The explosion may have been caused by a gas leak.
You know that that's your duty.
Insects have a hard skin.
We have only two dollars.
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
What do you want now?
As for me, I'm satisfied.
No one cares what I think.
How do you know?
There is no doubt as to her innocence.
What a shame.
A little walk will give you a good appetite for breakfast.
That child has few friends.
Tom told Mary he thought she was stupid.
Do you have any idea what's been going on?
In the end, I did manage to become friends with benefits with that girl.
There's a body in the trunk of the car.
We had a very good time last night.
I need your advice on what I should do next.
They must've made a mistake.
Linda studies Greek.
He's playing Tetris.
Renmei is waiting for Xueyou in the dorm.
My father is going to kill me.
These flowers have a unique smell.
I'm off.
Your proposal is a bit extreme.
Will she go to America next year?
It is about time we bought a new microwave oven.
He made me a suit.
You have to know Russian to learn this language.
Inside my backpack there are many colored pens, red ones, blue ones, green ones, etc.
Have some ham.
Prove you're not a chicken.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
The lights are out.
My toy is broken.
Were you invited?
She has never seen the ocean.
I will do it.
I was much impressed by his story.
She got sick this weekend.
You should do the honorable thing and resign.
It's 3:30.
Autumn is just around the corner.
Tom heard a shout.
Parrots can imitate the human voice.
Jane was boiling.
I have seen a star today.
I usually don't wear pajamas.
Juan doesn't know that Maria is his daughter.
She didn't answer.
Tom likes them both.
Those dogs are big.
Tom is trying really hard.
What gives life its meaning?
We don't do it.
Quickly finish up your homework, and apologise to your teacher tomorrow!
The loss amounted to $2,000,000.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
Please tell me the truth.
I've always wanted to go to Turkey.
I still don't understand what's going on.
My boss assigned the hard job to me.
The elevator's out again.
I don't want Tom to do that alone.
That is flammable.
The boy bowed to me.
Why are series about time travel so popular at the moment?
I have difficulty in Japanese.
Tom has a thing for Mary.
That is, she is a poor dancer.
The curtains make this room beautiful.
The man cheated the old woman out of her money.
I don't think I like this game very much.
You can study here.
That wasn't the main reason Tom needed to do that.
May comes after April.
Insatiably greedy.
Most letters from his wife were read to him by the nurse in the hospital.
The house is not occupied now.
I would rather stay at home.
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
Tom plays chess very well.
I lost the watch that my father gave me.
I'm glad to see you back.
She is a teacher.
It occurred to me that he might be in the library.
The snow has melted.
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
I go to bed very early.
He made Tom lose hope.
Tomorrow a new year will begin.
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
It may rain today.
Our people thirst for independence.
I will continue to study Latin, because it is really interesting.
This sword has a strange history.
This isn't true love.
His parents took him for a walk.
That isn't my problem.
What made you so angry?
In the summer I go to the pool every day.
Her honesty is beyond question.
Why do you want to know what I'm thinking?
My older brother is a teacher.
Both of my parents are lawyers.
Who will take care of the baby?
I don't mind hot weather.
How long ago did the bus leave?
When I study, I listen to music with earphones.
I don't have the time or the money.
What are you doing on the balcony?
Where do you want to celebrate New Year?
Hitomi looked very happy.
What is the matter with you?
She slept for a few hours.
I'm afraid I can't make it at that time.
I can wait for you.
Have you finished writing the letter yet?
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
There isn't going to be a next time.
When was it finished?
I am not rich, fat or happy.
You look as though you have just lost your best friend.
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
Tom walks very slowly.
I filled up the vase with water.
Can I pick my ticket up at the airport?
I study Chinese every day.
I saw my reflection in the window.
I'm almost done.
He's of the type "do as I say, not as I do".
What color is your hair?
He missed the train by a minute.
I think of him as one of my good friends.
Where is the bathroom?
We waited a long time, but she didn't show up.
Never did I dream of winning first prize.
You can see the stars using a telescope.
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
I don't go to school by bus.
There are still a lot of things to do.
This is the book which you are looking for.
She is good at playing the piano.
I was about to leave when you came in.
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
Seems like I'm just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
Going from not having to having – that’s success.
The situation has become hopeless.
This decision is final.
He had a strong alibi.
There were fifty persons in all.
The boy is wearing glasses.
Hopefully, we'll enjoy our China trip.
Are you afraid to die?
These are cakes of her baking.
I hope I see it again.
What browser are you using?
To what degree are you interested in baseball?
His action throughout was correct.
"But we're brother and sisters, aren't we?!" "In name we are."
Please hold the line a moment.
Lincoln was opposed to slavery.
He spared no pains to help me.
We got an interesting piece of information.
What we need is a little more time.
He is a big eater.
Won't you come with me?
Pork doesn't agree with me.
The bathtub was filled with hot water and flower petals.
Is this book the one he always uses?
She would often play tricks on me.
Who's going to believe you?
What does she think about my car?
The meals are not too good.
Tom didn't want any violence.
Tom swam.
Ask Tom again.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
Hope is a little voice whispering "maybe" when it seems the entire world is shouting "no"!
The surest way to prevent war is not to fear it.
How rude of you!
The beer's free on Thursday nights.
You are at work.
She's in the restroom.
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
Bob can answer all the questions.
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
The calculation of the budget for next year is based on the costs this year.
If you and Marco are well, Paulo and I are well.
Yanni lives four minutes from Skura's house.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don't know what to do.
Are you students?
I wanted to buy a dog.
Have you decided to go to Japan?
I bought this hat for 2000 yen.
I don't like that either.
Peace to his ashes!
He would remind people again that it was decided not only by him but by many others.
Are you feeling better, Tom?
The airplane took off on time.
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the last train.
Be kind enough to shut the door.
We have finished lunch.
I know he is looking at me.
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
The road was wet from the rain.
He looked after the baby.
Milan Kundera is my favourite writer.
You've been talking to me for so long, don't you know my name?!
I'm eating rice.
You've got to be joking.
They are looking for trouble.
I am tall.
Tom is a little drunk, isn't he?
You must obey the traffic rules.
The island lies to the west of Japan.
I am going to buy clothes today.
I tied Tom and Mary's shoes together.
My sister is 20 years old. She is a university student.
By and by he forgot that affair.
Japanese cars' steering wheels are on the right.
He is a learned man.
Please leave.
Tom never says thank you.
You are stupid.
They granted his request.
A fork fell off of the table.
I did not understand him at all.
He likes music a lot.
The girl about whom I told you lives here.
Everything went according to plan.
She cut the apple in half.
I save what money I got.
Do you speak Japanese?
Tom is a very good man.
Answer me.
Letters from Fiona came gradually less and less.
I have the memory of a goldfish.
It's not funny.
He has the habit of spitting on the ground.
I'm sure of his success.
Nothing is worse than war.
The situation was much more complex than he had thought.
It will not be long before we can know the truth of the matter.
My girlfriend is a good dancer.
Which is the capital of the United States, Washington or New York?
Keep an eye on the bags.
It's been a while. How are you?
We all wondered why she had dumped such a nice man.
It is evident that he has made a mistake.
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
This is a historic city.
That was years ago.
He acquired Russian quickly.
Tom is single and has a three-year-old daughter.
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
Today is my sixteenth birthday.
His house is somewhere around here.
My father bought a new car.
The airport is close at hand.
Are you sure Tom will come back?
Which club do you belong to?
Algiers has a beautiful promenade on the seashore.
I just need you to come with me.
We have a new neighbor.
I got over the difficulty with my characteristic tenacity.
The Mitsubishi Bank merged with the Bank of Tokyo.
There was fog at noon yesterday.
Are you sure Tom shouldn't do that?
I asked him to open the window.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Tom shaves three times a week.
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
I have visited Kyoto three times.
China's health authorities are taking steps to stop the spread of the coronavirus.
Don't believe him.
She's going home.
I hear you have a new girlfriend.
Do you like to eat fruit?
I didn't know who Tom was at first.
I am a bachelor.
I hope it'll work next time.
She said she had been happy.
All of the children are listening to the teacher's words.
Don't let her drive.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
My hobby is playing the guitar.
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
I am diabetic.
During hot weather, be sure to drink lots of water.
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
You should have introduced yourself.
He isn't weird.
Tom is crossing the street now.
I walked an entire ten miles.
Have you read this article?
This tea isn't sweet enough for me.
I don't know where we'll arrive.
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook.
No, I am Fang Ning.
The moment she'd finished, she lay down for a nap.
You'll get used to living here in no time.
He's dumber than you.
You ask me to do the impossible.
They'll let us know what happens.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
A good idea occurred to him.
The Zulu tribe in South Africa has its own language.
The crowd obstructed the police in the discharge of their duties.
His class makes us despair.
I was forced to take medicine.
She appears to have a headache.
She must be sick.
He began to look for a job.
Please write back soon.
We sometimes swim in the lake.
Is it OK if I hold your hand?
I thank you with all my heart.
Is this your lunch?
Do you promise?
I heard the door close.
What did you say? Dead?
An electric current can generate magnetism.
We've forgiven you.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten.
We were poor, but we were happy.
It's so yummy.
My friend's father is a famous novelist.
The bath is ready.
Roger slipped on the ice and hurt his leg.
Tom is a narcissist.
Tom is a friend of my friend's.
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
Who's drinking beer?
He's tall and fat, and he's always busy.
Goodbye and good luck.
For how long are you in Shanghai?
I had no right to interfere.
I'm strapped for cash.
Did anybody see him leave?
The party was, on the whole, successful.
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.
In about two weeks.
Oh, how late it is!
Tom seems tough.
She is inferior to him in math.
There is a book on dancing on the desk.
It's snowy today.
That's a strange question.
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn't it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you'd be as nothing to me!"
You look stupid.
There's no one in your bedroom.
You've invited your friends as well?
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He drank a lot yesterday.
I hope that your brother is better.
You had better put on a raincoat.
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
Tax cuts are often used as a major fiscal tool to stimulate the economy.
She'll probably tell him he's not tired.
Ring me tomorrow at nine.
I am a cat.
Water boils at one hundred degrees.
I think jogging is good exercise.
This song was written by Foster.
That horse is not white.
Answer the phone.
I like beans.
Why don't you go to sleep?
Shh! Don't make a sound. We are playing hide-and-seek now. If you want to talk, go find somewhere else to hide.
I have occasional pains in the stomach.
That's easy.
I think Tom told Mary the truth.
I'll certainly go and see him.
We should tell children how to protect themselves.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
Don't let your feelings show.
For some reason she didn't come home last night.
Tom is still sitting in the waiting room.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll get a ride.
The curtain fell.
We were watching the child at play.
He worked in a big city hospital.
Isn't this weather just great!
It's impossible.
He entered the room.
Strange to say, he didn't know the news.
I need to have a meeting tomorrow.
I advised him to keep the secret.
I've always wanted to meet you.
Tom didn't have dinner last night.
He had his car stolen in broad daylight.
Do you speak Ukrainian or Russian?
She's about the same height as you.
Being a rich man does not mean that he is happy.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
My name's Tom, and you?
Is there anyone who wants to keep the cute kitten?
John lives in New York.
If there was no sun, all the animals would be dead.
That's enough money to cover the expenses.
He's scared.
Tom is waiting for you in the conference room.
Tom is always watching television.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
I live in Tokyo.
Most of the trees here are fruit trees.
Tom wants popcorn.
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
Tom has recently become forgetful.
Is our appointment today or tomorrow?
Imported cars account for less than eight percent.
May it not happen!
Caution! Wet floor.
I live in an apartment in the city.
I can't resist sweet things.
The browser is running really slowly.
I was alone.
There were some graphic novels mixed into the pile of specialty books on the desk.
Tom fell into the pool.
Where is it now?
This town has two beaches.
Tom can walk.
Tom stopped me from entering the bank.
I stayed in hospital for a week.
That was all Greek to me.
What do you recommend to me?
Sami likes Layla's skirt.
I will try it again.
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.
It'll take a long time.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
Did you talk?
In a sense, she is right, too.
Pass me the butter, please.
It may not be possible.
They have lots of children.
Dust had accumulated in the attic.
Tom was victorious.
They bought a new car.
I will go to Hokkaido tomorrow.
Not being able to eat sweets is an extremely painful thing.
She is terrible at cooking.
I heard her singing.
It's my CD, isn't it?
She's our teacher.
Exports in January were up 20% over the same period of last year.
The rich and the poor are afraid of death.
People who break the law are punished.
Seldom do I see him.
I want a fan.
Let's sing the song in English.
Tom is pissed.
I never thought something like that could happen.
Is this a river?
Have you heard from her recently?
The exam is easy.
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China.
Do you have plans for tonight?
President Kennedy was killed, but his legend will live on forever.
They haven't given up at all.
I asked Tom to open the window.
If you don't want to go, you don't need to.
I have already completed 4 out of 6 tasks on my to-do list today.
The patient is in a state of profound stupor.
Who is the girl in this picture?
We are looking for a nice house to live in.
The paint was peeling off the wall.
Kiss me.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own light.
Betty killed her.
An icy wind blew into the room through the open window.
Crap, I spent too much money.
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.
I am really enjoying watching your video.
Tom hit a triple.
They hugged.
She will not die.
My uncle had me act as a translator.
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
I think you're quite right.
She was the First Lady.
I'd better be on my way.
He likes taking care of the garden.
I will start working on July the first.
I'm your father.
How come you're so busy?
She especially likes music.
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
It's hard to speak English well.
Please join us.
Speaking is easy.
I'm counting on you.
Of course, she accepted the invitation.
There is a book on the desk.
My plan is different from yours.
We got lost in the snow.
He complained that the room was too small.
Joking aside, how are things going?
You are now breathing manually.
In your view, can we judge other people's religion or not?
My Chinese is far from perfect, but I can roughly understand everything he is saying.
She read the letter, and so she came to learn that he was dead.
Valuable time has been lost.
You owe me thirty bucks.
Frankly speaking, he is wrong.
I don't care about him.
A stranger is just a friend you haven't met yet.
Children like drinking fruit juice.
Are Protestants tired of the Bible?
However you do it, the result will be the same.
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.
The day will come when you will realize it.
I'm glad that you guys are here.
I have a slight fever today.
Can you make sense of what he says?
We had a welcome party for her.
Is there a gas station near here?
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
Correct, one has a stomachache, the other has a headache.
He shaves himself every day.
He sold his country for money.
I don't own a guitar.
We'll come back tomorrow.
See how much more carefully made these are compared to those?
The telephone operator asked the caller to hold on until a connection was made.
He pressed me for a prompt reply.
I think it will be hot today.
Two adult tickets and three children's tickets to London, please.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
Brr – it's cold!
Is the snake alive or dead?
Look in the mirror.
Something is wrong with the brakes.
Tom didn't look happy at all.
Happy is the man who is contented.
We kept quiet.
I hope everything goes well!
I want to go to a foreign country someday.
What'll you do?
He isn't dumber than you.
I've decided.
What time do you sleep on Sundays?
It was nice to converse with her.
The supermarket ran out of business.
Do you have a child?
It is a great privilege to be with you in Tatoeba.
Please treat me kindly.
I'm English.
Learning about other countries' cultures is very interesting.
It is difficult for me to get up before six.
I've finished cleaning my room.
Hey, where's Tom?
Poland is a big country.
It will soon be breakfast time.
An unforgettable event occurred.
He does things for himself. He doesn't like to bother other people.
Lock the office.
My father quit smoking.
The date of manufacture is shown on the lid.
Give me the key to this castle!
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
Tom is quite sarcastic.
Gimme a look-see.
Tom and Mary went camping in the mountains.
Speaking Japanese is easy for me.
Tom should be happy.
He ran faster than his brother did.
My girlfriend lives in New York.
Why is Tom still awake?
I'm going to die tomorrow, and so I won't be free the day after.
This is a small town.
She knows nothing about her family.
What's your full name?
Is there any leisure in China?
Is German easy to learn?
I'm satisfied with my work.
I went into the navy.
She will accompany me on the piano.
What's wrong with my legs?
Tom studies hard.
I wish I could care more about my grades but it seems that, at a certain point of my life, I decided they wouldn't be so important anymore.
Tom and Mary are playing beach volleyball.
Does Tom need to stay home today?
You must be careful.
I didn't want this.
The landscape is unfamiliar to me.
I am called Lin Feng.
What's your favorite city?
Are you ten?
My bag is very heavy.
I thought that we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
You can't build buildings on swampy land.
What is on the desk?
You don't know them.
The horse broke its neck when it fell.
These fields yield an abundant harvest.
He could be found at 6 o'clock every morning in the barn, milking the cows.
You are no longer a mere child.
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I'll definitely take a look at her."
When will we have arrived?
I don't know this word's meaning.
He seems to be sick.
Are you implying something?
A dead leaf fell to the ground.
It is a sheer waste of time.
Are you saying that you give up?
I was abducted by extraterrestrials.
I don't like to drink coffee.
I couldn't do otherwise.
Everyone's tricks are different; each differs in ingenious ways.
I'm looking for a place to sit.
You remind me of myself.
Did you notice any suspicious places?
It was terrible.
He's on his last legs.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
A festival is held at the rice harvest.
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.
Oil and water won't blend with each other.
Asia has many rural villages.
Are you capable of answering his question?
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I'm grateful to them.
We've been married for 30 years.
We'll meet again.
Do you want to hear the truth about this matter?
Spring in the north sends gales to sweep the roads.
Compared with yours, my car is small.
She borrows novels from Tom.
I urge you to tell him the truth.
I usually walk to school.
English is a hard language to learn.
She went there by herself.
Only Naoko drinks coffee.
I don't know what the next step should be.
The number of the chairs in the hall is 80.
She found a ball in the garden.
What places are you planning to visit in your travels? And how? And why?
Move up to the front, please.
Make it smaller.
Checks are accepted.
I was asked to show my passport at the border.
To purchase a ticket, you need to enter your personal details.
He stole her watch.
The girl's father is a doctor.
Tom did some backflips on the trampoline.
Bob has a lot of books in his room.
His clothes are out of fashion.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
Not only does she speak English, but also German.
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.
I like stories that have sad endings.
She is always very busy.
Nancy never fails to write to me once a month.
Heroin isn't a good thing. Stay away from it!
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.
I met your mother through Facebook. So, if Facebook didn't exist, neither would you, my little angel.
Since the mid-20th century, the number of hutongs in Beijing has dropped dramatically as they are demolished to make way for new roads and buildings.
I heard someone call my name.
What did you do with my baggage?
You should've kept it secret.
She has no sense of beauty.
We had no time to finish our report.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
The Soyuz spacecraft undocked from the International Space Station at 9:53 p.m. EDT, carrying three people back to Earth.
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident.
To teach young children is not easy.
Marriage has many pains, but celibacy has no pleasures.
I'm really looking forward to summer vacation.
Maybe Tom was sleepwalking.
I don't like that kind of joke.
He lost his most beloved son.
She's coming!
Tom runs fast.
I try to think.
Tom isn't an Englishman.
I know that you like coffee.
He doesn't tell lies.
She has been in the hospital for a month.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
Tom is deaf and mute.
Tom closed his eyes and began to count sheep.
We live in a wonderful period.
Man, what the hell are you looking for?
He is shit out of luck.
I'm not good at cooking.
A stranger came into the building.
Yoko avoided answering my question.
You've overdone it.
We live in the suburbs.
The abbreviation of "Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference" is "CPPCC".
Where is my watch?
You don't need to call me.
Pride comes before a fall.
You broke the rule.
They will not accept any excuses for not joining the meeting.
I'm supposed to help her.
Sometimes I find that I basically have no time to pay attention to irrelevant trivia.
It's ten minutes' walk to the station.
I've lost my watch.
They are in danger of extinction.
Do you know who invented the microscope?
Get out of bed!
I really should be going.
It's been hot this month, but today's an exception.
I know you will.
It's time for a break.
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I paid 3 dollars for the book.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
I work every day but Sunday.
I sing well.
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.
You're probably smarter than you think.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
You don't have anything to do with this.
She has a strong objection to my plan.
All you have to do is fill in this form.
Can we roller-skate in this park?
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings.
Tom stopped walking.
Who will you vote for for president?
Only a handful of people know the fact.
He's buying my boat.
Which road goes to city hall?
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
He said that he was hungry.
We're going back home.
Thank you for the advice.
In Hawaii, one can swim in the ocean all year round.
I'm learning how to drive.
Don't rely too much on others.
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
He often eats fish for dinner.
We just wanted to win.
Can I get you something to drink?
Jesus Christ!
I know the boy who is sitting closest to the door.
My briefcase is full of papers.
Mennad could hear pieces of his tooth chipping.
Tom is looking for a job.
He was in America at that time.
Nancy is from London.
The Dragon Boat Festival commemorates Qu Yuan.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
He seized me by the neck.
Where are you going?
We need more food.
Tom used to eat a lot of junk food.
He requested me to keep it secret.
What did you buy him?
The future is very uncertain.
But, he didn't keep his promise.
Run like your life depends on it.
Men can not exist without air.
I can't wait to go on a vacation.
Tom is in the hospital.
I just got up.
I was thinking that as well.
Everyone but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Keep to the right.
"Having a clear conscience" is an idiom.
I pigged out on pizza.
Yes, I can speak Mandarin.
He recounted the accident to me as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
A few minutes later, the telephone rang.
I'm not a beggar.
Are they able to read these words?
Are you the one who did that?
City dwellers have a higher death rate than country people do.
She always smiles at me.
Don't eat too much and disrupt the stomach's normal digestion process.
I hope you'll answer me soon.
I have already talked with this student.
It looks like he'll be coming here next month.
Yesterday evening I had a terrible nightmare.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
I really want to stop.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
This is Kenji's chair.
You are suitable for the job.
Have you put winter tyres on your car yet?
Tom became a minister.
The movie theater was filled with people.
I am sorry to bother you at this time.
He was completely engrossed in the book.
May I bother you for a moment?
I'm reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon.
I talked with my parents about my studying abroad.
My father came home at nine.
All you have to do is ask him to pay the debt.
How can I return home?
After Tom lost his job, he started to gamble to cope with his depression.
He scored an own goal.
I'll ask him about it tomorrow.
Her speech moved the audience.
A lot of snow had just fallen.
Anyone can see.
Choose the one you like.
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.
Follow me.
In my opinion, the meeting was a success.
Tom studies journalism in Boston.
That house is big.
Garvey speaks up for racial pride.
Did you visit the Tower of London?
Prolonging the discussion will bring us nowhere.
Thank you very much.
Few people know how to do it.
Money is the root of all evil.
Tom clapped his hands together.
All the students are studying English.
Ken put his shirt on inside out.
How did your interview go?
It is wicked of you to do such things.
Large, isn't it?
Tom's sick.
She deserves more.
After many years of thinking, I came to a conclusion that everyone's meaning of life is actually to find the meaning of life. Every one of us is a unique individual. And every one of us has his own capability to find in his life one particular mission to fulfill.
They kissed each other.
I want to play tennis with Judy.
Get up!
He is a good person.
At last Tom started learning Esperanto.
I will lend you any book that I have, so long as you keep it clean.
Find someone who respects you.
I hope he comes tomorrow.
The knife has a keen blade.
I think Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
A cup of coffee, please.
Don't speak for me.
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays.
What are you looking for, sir?
Angelica Pickles is very selfish.
Bring the water to a boil.
I'm resting.
That isn't my job.
You'd better be careful not to catch cold.
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
This bicycle needs repairing.
What exactly are Tom and Mary planning to do?
I have a terrible headache.
The whale is well known to be the largest mammal.
Speaking English is difficult.
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Do you speak Dutch?
The youngest daughter was particularly beautiful.
It's OK.
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu.
Tom almost drowned in the river.
Mum bought us a puppy.
It is impossible to live without water and without oxygen.
I have three million dollars.
He kept me waiting.
He's eating an apple.
Tom is three years younger than Mary.
He took something out of his pocket.
I don't know what we'll do.
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.
Thank you, I understand everything.
I want to slice these potatoes into strips.
Be quiet, all of you.
I broke a string on my guitar.
I speak Esperanto and Russian.
Mary, this is Joe's brother David.
Don't let them fool you.
She got good grades in English.
Tom wanted to see me.
I'll think it over.
Do you know why the sky is blue?
He has no less than two thousand yen with him.
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I'd like to buy that one there."
The train was full of passengers.
She likes running.
A Mr West called in your absence.
Have you ever been to Shanghai?
Ask Alex.
He sent me some American magazines.
We need his help.
I don't know much about Japan.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
You should pay more attention to what you say.
I have just finished eating.
We need to protect Tom.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.
My father likes traveling by air.
You want to find someone with a good education, a good salary, good looks, and a good personality. Don't you think that that's aiming a bit too high?
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
He drove his car, whistling merrily.
Our teacher made us clean the room.
I looked him in the eyes.
The whole family was sick in bed.
We shall all die some day.
The watch on the desk is mine.
Ask Tom.
Ms. Roland, what do you think about this problem?
I don't feel comfortable here.
"Shuowen Jiezi" was the first Chinese dictionary.
This milk is germ-free.
I caught two fish.
It is time not only to equalize men's and women's wages, but also to equalize responsibility for housework.
I'm an anthropology research student, and my topic is 'Chinese medicine in Britain'.
How long has Tom been living in Boston?
Give me your food.
Have you been to Hokkaido?
It's all dark outside.
Where have you been? We've been looking everywhere for you!
Wait till the light turns green.
If you're happy, I'm happy.
John is envious of your new car.
The moon moves around the earth.
I wouldn't buy a house in that part of town.
He's working in Turkey.
Mennad was so glad to see Baya smile.
I'm atheist.
Tom has no time.
I threw away my shoes.
He made a determination to be a doctor.
Second semester has ended.
The lovers reluctantly parted.
How much is the rent per month?
Tom said that Mary wasn't done.
Though very busy, she came to see me off.
Do we care?
He is on duty.
He doesn't work here anymore.
It's a lot of fun to learn Esperanto.
I want a guitar.
You can count on it.
I would like to know her name.
I got my hair cut.
The two men were like fire and water.
There are a lot of different peoples in the world.
Strictly speaking, his answer is not correct.
They work together.
I have several dozens of them.
The plane had five hundred passengers on board.
I like traveling by train.
I haven't eaten anything for days.
If you want that water pistol you'll just have to save money and buy it yourself. I can't constantly buy toys for you. I'm not made of money.
Humility often achieves more than pride.
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
She teaches reading and writing.
The teacher should be very patient with her students.
I refuse to be treated like a child.
What is the specialty food here?
He removed his shirt.
He did not put up his hand.
An unpleasant feeling is always bad.
I used to think this was boring.
Shouldn't you still be in bed?
She married a rich old man.
Mary is on a strict diet, isn't she?
We're enemies.
What did you spill?
Prepare yourself for the future.
Prick up your ears.
I heard my name called by someone on the street.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
It's insanely hot today.
My daughter is to get married in June.
They are watching what's happening closely.
Where are the showers?
Tom's boss was really angry.
I didn't think that Tom would be so mad.
It's getting cloudy.
Let me have a look at these photos!
He showed me his photograph album.
Encourage him to do it.
I've just finished lunch.
Is this your apple?
The clown made a funny face.
Tom and Mary couldn't help me do that.
He died previous to my arrival.
What if I want it more than he does?
You have to put up with all this noise.
I want a new shirt. What do you want?
He's crazy.
I had a chance to travel abroad.
I have been busy writing a short story.
I can drive.
She didn't like him.
I don't want to talk about the weather.
Lightning-prone area: please do not climb
He abused our trust.
There are no empty seats in the library again.
You may choose whichever you like.
Why is he angry?
Hi! Do you work here?
Anyone can attend my lectures, but not everyone can understand them.
Meow!
I know the real reason you don't want to go.
Man has two feet.
Please wake me for breakfast.
You are Spanish, right?
They're reading a book.
We're done!
They changed the system.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
I love that story.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
He has a farm.
This song makes me homesick.
Tom is my elder brother.
I love translating.
They all began to laugh.
Her father dedicated his life to science.
Tom is absent.
If I were you, I would have done the same thing in such a difficult situation.
In July of 2015, the highest temperature in the capital city of Iraq, Baghdad, was 51.1 degrees Celsius.
Give me back my satchel!
I just want him to be happy.
I mustered up my courage and went there.
Everyone knows the law.
What's your natural hair color?
They have their own troubles.
Call up Tom right away.
He agreed.
You are dumb.
The mother occasionally reread her son's letter.
It's warm, so I turned on the electric fan.
I'm happy to see you.
What's your favorite fast food restaurant?
We have no idea what to do.
This is a grammatically correct sentence.
Would you like to eat lunch with me?
They attempted to break through the enemy line.
I have a lot of regrets.
The perfume of roses filled the room.
I'm going to go there with Tom.
We suspect it's about a poisoning by snake bite.
We didn't find you.
We live close to the school.
The cat is sleeping.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
Tom got out of the taxi.
I know how sad you are.
It is very hot in the summer in Japan.
Teachers in kindergarten are sometimes referred to as leaders of children.
I'm not asking you. I'm begging you.
He cured my illness.
You're German, aren't you?
When did you come to China?
I can't guarantee that that's going to happen.
April is the national minority health month.
It is ten minutes before eleven.
The doctor examined my throat.
I saw her swim.
Our neighbours are really loud in the evening.
If it's sold out, just forget about it.
I shouldn't be laughing.
God helps those who help themselves.
Tom will definitely come.
I was totally confused.
She is a so-called bookworm.
She slapped his face.
Would you mind my opening the door?
Please take your shoes off.
Holidays? What are they?
In winter I wear an overcoat.
I feel better today than yesterday.
As a man sows, so he shall reap.
He is always a little irritable in the morning.
Where is Taiping road?
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.
Japanese young people like rock and jazz music.
Tom and I are done.
It'll be spring soon.
I ran into Ken at the park.
Give your whole attention to what you are doing.
Why can't we talk now?
If it were not for water, no one could live on earth.
Did you buy flowers?
If you learn Chinese well, you can go study in China.
You ask too many questions.
Do you still love Tom?
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
The golf course is completely deserted. There is not a single person!
He has some foreign books that cannot be found in Japan.
He has more books than I do.
"Is he right?" "I don't think so."
Can you distinguish silver from tin?
You get up early, don't you?
I have a boat.
You're really the best when, and only when, it comes to angering people.
You are the smartest person I know.
However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
Tom knew what Mary had done.
Even though Tom studied very hard, he failed the class.
Please speak slowly.
The weather changes very often in England.
That house is mine.
She seems to be unhappy.
I am around 190 centimetres tall.
Eating from his bowl, he can't move his eyes off the pot.
Don't move.
She knows a lot about the latest fashions.
He seemed to have been rich.
Give me an apple.
Please turn down the music.
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Not knowing what to do, I asked the teacher for advice.
It is the students' duty to clean their classrooms.
I cried all night long.
Did you answer Tom's question?
Tom said that you would come.
He devoured his meal.
The number of motor vehicles in the city has increased.
Ken wants to be a baseball player.
To tell the truth, I don't really like her.
I got her to wash dishes.
The robot went out of control.
I'll lend you the book as soon as I'm done reading it.
You think adding a little salt will make it taste much better?
I have few friends.
Why didn't you follow my advice?
He has two cats.
Once, I got lost inside a tree.
Flour is one of those products you should always have in your kitchen.
You had better not ask this question!
He was waiting for a long time.
You should prepare for the worst.
My friend's father is a doctor.
Which cup is yours?
Good morning, right now I have ice cream.
Tomorrow, I'll take the books to the library.
Tom wasn't in bed.
Classes begin next week.
We should break up.
Tom is a scumbag.
When did you get here?
Tom's got nothing to hide.
He has two children, aged 4 and 1.
Slow down.
Mr Ito teaches history.
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
My son is brushing his teeth.
It is well known that up to the middle of the last century Japan was a feudal state.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
Christmas is so close now.
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
It's just what I expected.
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.
The concert lasted about three hours.
She pressed her lips together and willed herself not to cry.
There still aren't any highways in this mountain region. All goods are transported on the backs of people and horses.
I spent the whole day in reading the novel.
How do I change my cell phone's ringtone?
Have you still not finished paying for my bike?
She gave the children two apples each.
At worst, I will get an average mark.
I hear someone singing.
Japan has many distinctive traits.
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
I don't care what people think about the way I dress.
I cannot understand it for the life of me.
I have the dictionary.
She said she has to go.
He is acquisitive of knowledge.
What is the exchange rate?
I know you don't want to be lonely.
I don't often do that by myself.
Take care!
Field hockey is not very popular in China.
I don't know how to handle children.
I shook hands with Jane.
What a good tennis player Tony is!
Please confirm.
Yes. She used to be a very shy girl.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
This year's weather is rather unusual.
For the UK's fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
Love blinded him to her faults.
"Will he pass the examination?" "I am afraid not."
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
China is about twenty-five times as large as Japan.
That doesn't really matter.
"What's in that box?" "Nothing."
My watch has stopped.
The parking lot is free of charge.
He is tall, fat and always busy.
What does the QR code say?
This book has many pictures.
May I come and see you now?
I have a dream.
He has lived here for a long time.
He felt compelled to report the incident.
I got acquainted with him last night.
She's not as old as Mary.
Tom has made a big mistake.
You must finish this by 2:30.
He likes animals.
Give me something to eat.
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.
How I've missed you!
In the name of mercy, stop crying.
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
You ought to have come to our party.
It will not snow tomorrow afternoon.
Were you serious?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what books would you want to have with you to read?
This is an old unit.
Tom is one of the kindest people I know.
This squirrel has a nut allergy.
Desire for food and sex is part of human nature.
Translation is a kind of special skill.
By degrees the friendship between him and her grew into love.
To be black is better than to be gay. If you were born black, at least you don't have to think about how to tell your mother about this.
Muslims love Jesus, too.
I need your passport and three photographs.
We eat fish raw.
She had to give up her dream.
Have you ever seen Tom when he's mad?
I don't like watching TV.
I think the final score between Barcelona and Real Madrid will be 2-0.
Don't forget to fill in your name on the form.
He's a seasoned investigator.
Arabic is similar to Hebrew.
What's your telephone number?
I wonder which country will be the first to censor Tatoeba.
Let's go out and have some fun tonight.
I think we shouldn't allow Tom to do that.
She's wearing a hat.
Where's your hat?
That sounds strange to me.
You aren't quite right about that — let me explain.
She put on socks.
Everybody wanted to eat.
He's a good person.
What actually happened?
Were you able to do it?
The little cabin was bathed in moonlight.
I know what you're doing.
Chocolate has more iron than spinach.
I'm not guilty.
Is Tom autistic?
Mary got the nod from among some 500 applicants.
I'm not getting enough sleep.
I like English best of all subjects.
This book contains forty photographs.
I expect that he will help us.
This is definitely the best way.
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
My God and my faith are the only true ones, and the others are just fiction.
We took a walk along the river.
I didn't sell Tom my car.
Mr Brown is a doctor.
A typhoon has also started to rise.
He studies French and web design.
She doesn't like her husband.
If I were rich, I would go travelling everywhere.
He studies American history.
That one is really good.
This woman is very beautiful.
You make a decision for yourself on this matter.
Should I go this way, or that way?
We met in Shanghai.
Jane is talking with somebody.
I'll come back.
That film's really interesting.
I walked three-fourths of a mile.
He would not listen to my advice.
Coffee will be served after the meal.
Don't just whine, do something!
I want a good dictionary.
Our team lost the first match.
You idiot!
Japan and Britain are island countries.
I have two children to support.
I didn't know you didn't know how to swim.
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.
He had every reason for doing so.
Put your hands down!
You don't have to buy anything right now.
Because our kids got married, we are now in-laws.
I don't feel like studying English today.
We've already partied all night.
She despises me.
Your family's waiting for you.
Feel free to get yourself a drink if you are thirsty.
I returned the book to the library.
Let's sit down.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
The beggar is collecting stale bread.
It isn't as hard as you think.
She is interested in music.
We have an important exam next week.
My mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
I'm really into football.
Tom begged his father to buy him a new bicycle.
She isn't Anna?
Is Tom helping Mary?
Can you tell me where the flea market is?
People thought him to be a great scholar.
I know it's hard to believe.
Felicja enjoys watching TV.
It is said that the younger generation today is apathetic.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russians, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
I didn't show anybody those pictures.
Do you live with your parents?
Don't forget smoking is bad for your health.
It's a surprise.
If you need something or want to talk, feel free to call.
The situation must be worse than you thought.
We had our vacation at the lake.
She is my first love.
Who knows?
Can you skate?
"I'll do it tomorrow." "You said that yesterday!"
Tom doesn't even know how to fry an egg.
I have two tickets to the baths, do you want to come with me today?
My son is ten years old.
I only hope it is not too late.
You will soon get well.
You're too naive.
I really like seafood.
She understands you now.
Tom and John were like brothers.
Tom closed his eyes.
Tom broke the window.
Wood floats in water.
I need a pencil.
The rumor turned out false.
Do you think that e-books will replace paper books?
I always walk to school.
I bought it last week.
That's exactly what he said.
We easily figured out the password.
The chair is relatively small.
Look both ways before you cross the street.
She spoke French.
No one can keep me from going there.
He is sure to succeed.
Tomiko guessed my weight correctly.
Can you guess my age?
He wanted to get his shirts washed.
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.
This is a terrible mistake.
It rarely snows in this area.
What are you doing home?
Please correct the errors.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
A tall building was built next to my house.
I want to visit Korea.
My father isn't home yet.
There isn't any film in this camera.
I get along well with him.
You can do it, can't you?
The schedule is only slightly affected by this delay.
Can we interview him?
Please fill this bottle with water.
Vote for Tom.
This laboratory is equipped with the latest computers.
She saved a hundred dollars.
I have exams from dawn till dusk.
Tom had breakfast.
The fish has gone bad.
I'm from Thailand.
I'm gay, so what?
In Asian culture it's customary to take one's shoes off before entering a house or temple.
We're just like brothers.
I've not heard that she will come.
I am not too rich, too fat or too happy.
Please explain in detail.
Do what you think is best.
I made Ann a doll.
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.
He did not know where to go.
I've got it right here.
His dog follows him wherever he goes.
War broke out in 1941.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
Tom didn't tell me he didn't know how to swim.
Where is nearest American Express office?
You ruined my BMW!
Stop bullying.
Harry managed to swim across the river.
She doesn't like to go to school.
Did you enjoy the film you saw?
Most students walk to school.
I'm an American citizen.
My ballpoint pen just ran out of ink.
Tom gave Mary that nickname.
You have to go to school.
There's a Mr Kay who wants to see you.
My sister went to Kobe yesterday.
While not experiencing high fevers, she said, her body gets uncomfortably warm.
That's a good plan.
Several delegates disagreed.
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.
I know that Tom is tired.
Maybe you're working too hard.
I can't do two things at once.
Tell Tom where to sit.
Acaraje, a Brazilian food from Africa, is a ball of caupi bean dough, onions, and salt, fried in palm oil and served with shrimp and a spicy sauce.
It isn't going to take long.
Is your family's computer on the table?
Oh, sure.
He looked in at the door.
You have beautiful eyes.
If you get sleepy, tell me.
The comparison between the two was to his disadvantage.
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.
Tom is trying to find Mary a job.
I understand now.
Who is that gentleman in spectacles?
I'm going to the park.
Would you like me to see you home?
Liberty consists of being able to make everything as harmless as possible.
I'd like to swim in this river.
That's a shame.
I just wanted to see her.
Get Tom.
Tell me why he was absent.
I think that it's you.
I hate cats.
The witch hunt has begun.
Scientific discoveries don't always make the world a better place.
There are many stores on either side of the street.
The manager shouted out to his players to mark the opposition.
We defeated the enemy.
Sami had no choice but to surrender.
At last you've remembered to bring a dictionary.
Have a pleasant trip.
You weren't here then.
Millions were affected that day.
The decay of the shrine is due, in part, to acid rain.
It's clear that we're going to the church.
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.
Nothing happened.
Some boys came into the classroom.
I'll take care of it.
It sounds as if he were to blame for the disaster.
It's already 11 o'clock.
Stop hitting me!
I forgot to ask Tom.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
The world is full of idiots.
Many schools are closed today because of the storm.
He hurt his foot, he can't play soccer anymore.
I will ask you five questions.
The toilets at motorway service stations are often very dirty.
Man is the only animal that can make use of fire.
She was about to leave.
You shouldn't have paid the bill.
Please help me get the mouse.
His father passed away last year.
What more do you want?
Did I leave my umbrella here?
A triangle has 3 corners, and a hexagon has 6 corners.
I'm certain that you saw Tom.
He carries a bag on his back.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
Man will die sooner or later.
I think that it's pretty good.
Mary wore a simple white dress.
Who telephoned Ann?
Would you lend me your dictionary?
I didn't understand you.
He might change his mind.
Great thoughts are created through intricate details.
Tom's tired.
Please think no more about it.
This orange is too sour.
Please refrain from disturbing me.
In my view you should try the exam again.
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
He will play golf next Sunday.
Waves are beating the shore.
You can buy it for a thousand yen or so.
I ran as fast as possible.
He will make a good team captain.
Compare your answers with the teacher's.
I hate chemistry.
Can Tom help us?
Tom chewed on his pencil.
So how many places have you been to in the afternoon?
Don't forget to bring a camera.
You must observe the law.
Every guy can say: "Although I'm not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
I've been here for a long time.
Class doesn't begin until eight-thirty.
Who gave you the right to do such a thing?
Your hair is filthy.
I gave her just what she needed.
Come with me.
I admit, I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
We have three spare rooms, none of which can be used.
Today is 23rd November 2016.
It's a delicate situation.
It is you that are to blame for it.
She got what she deserved.
Are we afraid of dying?
Love is only an invention.
She is married to a foreigner.
He is my old friend.
She tried to console him.
I'll look you up when I visit New York.
Have you never eaten a kiwi fruit?
Fasten your seat belt.
She's usually home on Sundays.
His wife is a friend of mine.
In Britain, the banks open at 9:00 in the morning.
Tom has just retired.
Could you drive Tom home?
I can't find Tim.
I want to go to see a movie.
We will be together forever.
I don't know, go to sleep!
He is my senior by two years.
You must come back before it gets dark.
This doesn't matter at all.
I bought a new television.
Nothing is so precious as time.
I'm short of cash at the moment.
I was unable to complete the task.
That affair made him famous.
He was charged with a secret mission.
Oh, my God!
I like dragon fruit.
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.
I fell asleep while watching TV.
What is done cannot be undone.
The big fish eats the little fish.
I still haven't found work.
Her apology was nothing but show.
They'd have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
Tom can swim pretty well.
I'll go and pick him up.
Tom was already at work.
Much as I pitied him, I could not help him.
You may choose any book you like.
It's a matter of life and death.
My father goes jogging every morning.
He likes singing and dancing.
Tom waited outside.
Tom said he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
He sat in on some of the board's policy-making meetings.
Since I was sick, I didn't go to school.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
The cattle starved to death.
He is a doctor and an author.
I don't know when Tom died.
May I hold your hand?
It was raining, and Joe's long hair was completely wet by the time he got home.
He always wanted to study Japanese.
Everything matters.
The house was in flames.
I don't have a desk in my bedroom.
Turn the radio down a little.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
Rev. King and his supporters were threatened.
I don't want to get a suntan.
Tom is agile.
I've been busy this week.
For me, this is not a problem.
Snow has begun to melt.
I'm halfway through my sandwich.
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.
She knows that you know.
Can you buy some more pickles?
How do you spell "pretty"?
Make a copy of this report.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
Santa, I would like a girlfriend for my Christmas present.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
Would you please not leave the door open?
She said that she was ill.
Are you Turkish?
Talk is cheap.
I agreed with her.
It doesn't matter which team wins the game.
We're waiting for his return.
My home is far away.
The two of you have ruined my life.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
We're conservative.
I like eating melons from Hami.
Can you save Tom?
She's starting to like this house.
In this kind of weather it's best if I stay at home and don't go outside.
Are you laughing at me?
Anybody knows it.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
Can I do anything for you?
What I said hurt his pride.
Every student has to leave school by six.
The Joneses love their daughter.
I can understand you to some extent.
Life is like a game of chess.
How long does it take to walk to your house from here?
I think you're the most beautiful girl I've ever seen.
It's a modern house.
What are you concerned about?
He's the chairman of the committee.
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday.
I am staying for another few weeks.
I believe you.
The student gave himself up to despair.
Would you speak more slowly, please?
Bob was washing the dishes at that time.
I don't think Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
Stop staring at me like that.
We want peace in the world.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold food?
I think I'm coming down with a fever.
I won't be fooled.
My blood type is A positive.
People who are not in a hurry stand on the right side of the escalator.
I believe in love.
This is my old bicycle.
Beware of pickpockets.
The pain is here, right? That's a stomach ache.
My father takes a walk every morning.
The police will put you in prison.
The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
Tom found Mary a job.
The telephone rang several times.
Take me home.
Hurry up! We'll be late.
I gave it to my mommy.
Did you enjoy the performance last night?
No one can bring time to a stop.
It's not practical.
"Michael" is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
I was amazed at his courage.
I saw something strange in the sky.
Meg is filled with excitement.
She has a great love for antique goods.
I have to make money to buy a personal computer.
All the best!
I wonder if you have something to write with.
I have spent 500 dollars per day.
Where do I need to go?
As far as I know, he is honest.
He was killed in the war.
How are you getting along with your English study?
My father goes to church on Sunday.
Please pass me the butter.
He lives in Tokyo.
I asked Tom about his new book.
Most Americans are descended from immigrants.
This is very good.
I have no idea where she lives.
Because the entrance was locked, we couldn't enter the house.
Blood was everywhere.
Excuse me for opening your letter by mistake.
Someone must have seen what happened.
Buy Tom a beer.
You need to let me handle this.
Two boys came running out of the room.
Geez, it's late.
I loved her to death.
I need an assistant who speaks French.
I'm not in the least interested in physics.
We don't like rain.
I am pleased with his work.
Don't underestimate my power.
Mine is on the nightstand.
He bumped his head against a post.
I don't think this is a good idea.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
The older we become, the worse our memory gets.
We yawn when we are short of oxygen.
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer.
Sami lay down and relaxed.
How lucky you are!
Nothing feels right.
Do not read while walking.
Illness made him give up his studies.
Please put it on the table.
I am positive that he has finished.
Are you afraid of dogs?
I don't want the present Tom gave me.
May I eat something?
Is the incurrence of this penalty correct?
There is a garden in front of the house.
Betty seemed surprised at the news.
Do you want to trade our two sheep, one for another?
Do you know if he has a girlfriend?
Almost no students get full marks in Chinese classics.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
Tom took off the picture on the wall and hung another there.
Death is like dreaming.
Tom has decided to become a monk.
I like mathematics.
Tom gave us everything we needed.
They're both wearing hats.
Einstein regarded himself as a philosopher.
While napping, I had a strange dream.
They forgave him for his crimes.
The school will provide tents for us.
Sorry, I am not wearing a watch.
Did Tom get the package we sent him?
Through genetic modification, we can improve crops.
Tom can't sleep without a light on.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
When the phone rang, we were out.
There were no radios in Japan in those days.
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
I'm very interested in languages.
You don't know how worried I am.
Thank you for baking this delicious cake.
Don't pay any attention to Tom.
May I go home now?
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
Tom refused to help Mary do her homework.
It's hard to find a suitable translation.
You shouldn't smoke so much.
It's a chilly morning.
I'm starved.
The taxi's here.
We live on the third floor.
The truth can be more painful than a lie.
Ah, I hit you, sorry!
I didn't turn off the light.
He dived into the water and came up for air.
Yesterday, I went to the doctor to see if I was ill.
I will never violate a law again.
It's bad manners to point at people.
Caution! Wet Paint
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
He decided not to buy the house, because in the first place it was too expensive, and in the second place it was too far from his office.
To be a good batter, you've got to hang loose and follow your instincts.
What steps should we take?
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
Recently T Mall has had a sales promotion on cell phones.
I saw Bob this morning.
We almost had Tom convinced.
Tom is busy now and can't talk with you.
I have always kept my promises.
I like shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Rub salt in the wound.
I don't have time to go there today.
I majored in chemistry in college.
It is very cold today.
Are you from Kashgar as well?
You should sleep for eight hours a day.
I ordered two hamburgers.
He took a quick look at the magazine.
The whole country was covered in snow.
Where do I pay for the gas?
Is it true that our genetic heritage is almost the same as that of chimpanzees?
How do you say that in your language?
This book is very thick.
I can't bend my right arm.
He ate the whole apple.
It was curious that Tom didn't do that.
Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian.
Be happy for me.
I forgot to buy you a gift.
That destroyed all his dreams.
Alexander the Great died in Babylon.
You are a good person.
We consider it a blessing.
Few Japanese can use English well.
What was the score at halftime?
He drank very little of the water.
I don't think I've ever made any serious mistakes.
Her daughter is bad at cooking.
Follow my instructions and proceed carefully.
She's asking how that's possible.
To me, there aren't any fundamental differences between the cultures of these two countries.
Every new day could be your last.
I know how you feel.
Schoolwork, cultural work and academic work should all be promoted together.
This mountain is covered in snow all year round.
No matter how rich a man may be, he ought not to be idle.
Mommy, why don't I have an uncle with a beard?
There was some chewing gum stuck to the sole of Tom's shoe.
When have we got to hand in our essays?
We took lunch at noon.
The risk is too great.
These lemons are fresh.
Nicole can speak Japanese very well.
I can't seem to reach her.
She went to Shanghai by train.
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
I'm delighted to see you.
I think this rule has problems.
My husband is always reading in bed.
Everyone was fine.
It won't budge one bit.
You could say that.
An apple fell to the ground.
Tom wants to know what we're doing here.
I want to go to see a doctor.
I handed the map to Tom.
Have you ever climbed Mt. Aso?
Even though I really want to know his name, I don't have enough courage, and I'm afraid to go ask.
I made it myself.
Death is often compared to sleep.
Praise be to Buddha.
I hear the grass in England is green even in the winter.
Bill will win, won't he?
When is the Apocalypse?
Did you find what you were looking for?
His explanation is not clear.
This amount includes tax.
Please don't be late.
Your dog is very big.
Can you speak English at all?
It's very important to get enough rest.
Would you please turn the TV off?
I think Tom's expectations of us are too high.
He has lost his job.
This news is official.
Tom is looking for a new job.
How is it at school?
If I were you, I would not do it.
He asked me what I had bought.
I admit, my wording is a bit direct.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
She has to take a remedial course in English.
Do you mind our leaving a little earlier?
It is less muggy today than it was yesterday.
Do you like snow?
They come from the south of France.
Does anyone here know where Tom lives?
When I entered the house, they all applauded.
The rain prevented me from going out.
I'm not prepared.
Generally, men are taller than women.
This is Jane's bag.
These pictures were painted by him.
I wish you good health!
Humor me.
I made some mistakes in the test.
They work really hard.
I like soups with lots of vegetables.
The beginning of the trouble was his careless remark.
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
When did he come back from Osaka?
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you've drawn.
The memories we make with our family are everything.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
They hated Tom.
This book has a lot of pictures.
Thank you for your attention.
What time do you usually go to bed?
Don't you ever go near my girl again.
I like chocolate.
This water tastes good.
We must provide for the future.
I have to do it again.
Does Tom have experience?
That's exactly what I've been telling Tom.
Please take me to the hospital.
The church is in the middle of the village.
More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars.
Am I really sick?
Which bit of the film did you like most?
Cats are cute.
We're anxious about our daughter's health.
It starts at 6.30.
They burst into tears.
Nothing special happened.
They attained their goal.
The crow flew away.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
Don't worry about what others say.
Doing that is a waste of your time.
I had a lot to say in relation to that affair.
This magazine is issued every month.
He is a teacher, as is clear from his way of talking.
I went and got a body check-up.
Turn off the light, please.
I had to change clothes because what I was wearing wasn't appropriate for the situation.
He is cowardly.
My uncle gave me a book.
She's not prettier than her mother.
Would you like to dance with me?
Stop talking.
The young woman was carrying an infant in her arms.
Tom went out to smoke a cigarette.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
I call on him every other day.
Don't let your guard down.
Electricity made candles of little use in our life.
I will remember that forever.
You were just listening to the talk, without thinking.
How fast the new Shinkansen goes!
Summers are very hot in Kyoto.
He's a comedian.
Nobody wanted to talk about it.
There is honor even among thieves.
I discovered that that box was empty.
It seems we are in the same boat.
He was sick of his job.
I don't mind if you go to bed before I get home.
I'd like to know the phone number of the nearest American Express office.
I mistook him for his brother.
I'm not your daughter.
She is Anna; Anna and Louis are coworkers.
Turn on the light, please.
He isn't a poet; he's a prose writer.
He gave the child a toy.
Don't let yourself be bossed around by her.
How did you guys get in?
I wish I were younger.
Am I seriously the only one who isn't bilingual here?
You don't believe Tom, do you?
The temperature has suddenly dropped.
Give me some water!
Is that an area you are familiar with?
It concerns you.
I wrote it all down.
She doesn't want to have children.
There were only six people at the meeting.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
Better luck next time.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
I'm grateful to you for inviting me to the party.
I slept a little during lunch break because I was so tired.
It's hard to find an eraser that's on the floor.
They asked Kate to babysit their child.
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.
Not only can he speak Mandarin, but Shanghainese as well.
Mary hurried to the hospital.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
The style is nice, but do you have it in a different color?
Our committee consists of ten members.
Let me think for a minute.
Two women are singing.
He isn't at home.
I still love her.
Every minute counts.
I was fascinated by her sweet voice.
You've finished your work.
Tom finished college last year.
I actually didn't say that.
Tom, be careful!
Peterhouse is the oldest of the 33 colleges of Cambridge.
At the foot of the hill you'll see a white building.
The express train will take you between major cities non-stop.
May I come and see you tomorrow?
Unless there is reliable evidence for it, we should not believe anything.
He has 20 children.
Liu Manqiang, deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology, says "Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value; an important goal for the development of China's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry."
John broke the window.
The report is not to be depended upon.
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.
The prevention of forest fires is everyone's responsibility.
I'm not sure how to pronounce the word.
He cleared his throat.
Do you have a temperature?
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home.
We had a late lunch at two.
Who's to blame for the accident?
Why exactly did you need to do that?
This is what I want.
Honey in the mouth and poison in the heart.
She has plenty of work to do.
What do you want to be?
This is not something that anyone can do.
This is your doing!
Is it cheaper to call after 9:00?
Tom has started studying karate.
We managed to get there on time.
What matters in life is not where you are but where you are headed.
This is a free newspaper.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
It rained for a week.
I saw a strange woman there.
He is boiling with rage.
The flag is up.
Pass me the book, please.
You don't know how much I love you.
We have to get through this.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
It hurts here.
She is affected with the gout.
I don't want you working there.
I'd like a room facing the garden.
Is the cat on the chair or under the chair?
I'm angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine's Day.
Who was the telephone invented by?
How can I rid myself of my inferiority complex?
There's no one in the room.
He's the laziest person I know.
I understand how you feel.
Cross off the names of the people who have paid their dues.
Someone knocked on the door.
He might not have eaten for days.
Look, this is my business card.
I promise that I will send you to prison.
Sami and Layla kept texting back and forth.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
Do you remember what she said?
If someone irritates you, it is best not to react immediately.
We'd better talk.
Boston is a wonderful city.
Where is the United Airlines check-in counter?
He thrust some coins into my pocket.
River Suzhou is Shanghai's "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
You cannot swim here.
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration.
He was declared bankrupt.
Is my profile picture beautiful?
He broke the window on purpose.
No one knows where he lives.
I'm not one hundred percent convinced of that.
Tom stepped on my foot.
I am just kidding.
Don't talk to others during the class.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
He cannot have done such a thing.
Lawyers will urge the parents to take further legal action.
Tom is the head of the company in name only. His son makes all the important decisions.
I've been busy since yesterday.
This is my favorite.
I have brothers.
How was your holiday?
We haven't eaten.
I don't know why she is this worried.
That's beyond our power.
At this very moment, you're reading and translating this.
He left the book on the table.
He walked to and fro in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
We must make a new start.
I won't allow it.
He can speak five languages.
This is not fish.
He ate some sand.
The meeting broke up at seven.
I'll be there in a minute.
Even though he apologized, I'm still furious.
Do you know why Mary killed herself?
I don't have any money with me.
There's a book on my desk.
What did you buy?
This is the tallest man I've ever seen.
You're a professor, aren't you?
I love you as fresh meat loves salt.
Tom arrived after I left.
My hobby is stamp collecting.
Call home!
What a pain!
I need to go to sleep.
I love to watch people's reactions when I say who I am.
The bicycle under the tree is mine.
I am divorced.
I will give you this book.
She frequently gets sugar and salt mixed up.
John will be here in five minutes.
The flowers cheered her up.
His comments about the book were favorable.
Please tell me where I should change trains.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
It is no use arguing with her.
You've already had cake.
I want to meet Tom.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
I'll return immediately.
You should have studied harder.
Tom, answer me!
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
My little sister looks like my mum.
Would you pass the salt, please?
Can you swim as fast as he can?
The game ended at nine o'clock.
Tom isn't very good at speaking French.
He struck a match.
I know I owe you money.
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we'll never get there!
I'll send it to you tomorrow.
He has decided to become a teacher.
I have nowhere to go now.
She may be proud of her daughter.
If there were no Covid, I would travel around the world!
Tom is the fastest runner out of the three of us.
I will provide you all the necessary information.
We won't start till Bob comes.
We left home early in the morning.
His lectures are very long.
He looked like a doctor.
No! I'm begging you! Don't be like this!
No roses without thorns.
Obviously, someone is lying.
The New York City police wear a dark blue uniform.
Whose tomb is this?
Let's sit on the grass.
I'm the second oldest of three children.
He is a DJ.
He works for her.
You never have time for important things!
Are they all the same?
It's a waste of time.
I was born on February 14, 1960.
My parents are not home.
He does not like us.
The area was quiet.
We give a 10% discount for cash.
This sentence is wrong.
Tom speaks French fluently.
I haven't got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
That movie is for children.
The policeman captured the man who was running.
Life being very short, we ought not to waste time.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
The man robbed her bag.
You yourself should know.
Don't you feel cold?
The old woman fell and could not get up.
Somebody stole my wallet.
What do we do now?
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
Who's on duty today?
I don't eat oranges.
His house isn't far from this store.
I went to visit Tom.
What do you do for work?
This is a good book for children to read.
She wrote down that person's name so as not to forget it.
Summer is coming.
Stick 'em up! This is a robbery!
I wonder if it will be sunny outside.
Who are you waiting for?
The Prime Minister's speech was calculated to anger the opposition parties.
What is the capital of Haiti?
I was planning on going to the beach today, but then it started to rain.
Mind your own business!
There are no hats in that store that fit me.
Jerusalem is the Holy City of the Jews.
The police now believe that Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
The car pulled up in front of the bank.
I know that Tom isn't a Canadian.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
I should've paid closer attention.
I'm stuck here in Boston because of the storm.
I know your brother very well.
He plays the guitar very well.
Even Dwarfs Started Small is a 1970 film by German director Werner Herzog.
Don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry?
He is only someone's stooge.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
Please give my regards to your father.
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.
Could you give me a toothpick, please?
Everybody knows the moon is made of cheese.
People shouldn't be allowed to invade countries whose names they can't pronounce correctly.
This may be our last meeting.
I walk in the forest every day.
This dog runs fast.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
I'll come and see you one of these days.
My name is Lanlan, I'm Chinese.
He can speak Portuguese.
He advertised his house for sale.
I'm so fat.
I want to eat a Dapanji!
She must come home by 9 at latest.
He apologized to the teacher for coming to school late.
Have you finished eating your lunch?
The use of trust-region algorithms is becoming more and more frequent.
You didn't come to school yesterday, did you?
Tom told me what to say.
This is how many?
You only gave me fifty cents.
Have you decided whether you are going into town by bike or by bus?
Why did you interfere in an affair that did not concern you at all?
The President is usually accompanied by his wife when he goes abroad.
She can hardly speak Japanese.
Please let me know what you want.
Stand up.
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
The roof of the house suddenly buckled.
He has to repair the clock.
Meanwhile, Jiang Qin distracted Jiang Feng's older brother Yan Daxia.
I am familiar with this neighborhood.
Have you eaten your dinner already?
I've never believed that conflict is good.
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
Your prophecy has come true.
I've got to go to the bank.
I don't see why not.
I'm too busy to come.
The suspect's gender is currently unknown.
I feel bad about lying to him.
I waited for her forever.
My uncle's company launched a new product last month.
Thank you!
Tom robbed a bank.
He was going to the cafeteria.
The number 4 is considered an unlucky number in Japan.
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one; the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it, and that is all.
Am I dreaming?
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
I spent 3000 yen on a new CD.
Mary likes milk very much.
I wonder how many Canadians live in Boston.
At first glance, the question seemed easy.
Everybody agrees with you.
Tom doesn't like to discuss his work.
That feels good.
This blot can't be wiped out.
I'm worried about you.
Is he feeling better today?
The planets revolve around the sun.
I promise that I'll come.
Would you care for another glass of beer?
I saw you cooking.
The moon is beautiful in fall.
It's an easy victory.
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
The tomato is a vegetable, not a fruit.
He'll be back by five o'clock.
Don't give Tom my phone number.
Back off.
Fine, thanks.
Like water off a duck's back.
I arrived at school on time.
Sydney is better than Melbourne.
It won't take long.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words 'standard' and 'common', and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is 'the most common'.
Sorry, I forgot to bring the book I meant to return to you.
Eggplant, carrot, tomato.
You don't like sashimi, do you?
Stop criticizing me!
There is someone looking for you.
At long last, he understood the theory.
I don't trust him any more.
Yesterday was Saturday.
We think that Tom is an honest person.
I don't have the courage to ask my boss to lend me his car.
Tom is anxious to know the result.
What is the difference between this and that?
Are you willing to learn Kadazan language?
Tom comes home every day at 2:30.
Do you have hiking boots?
A building collapsed in Cairo.
Don't chatter! I have to study.
The boy gave up his seat to the old man on the bus.
I like tea more than coffee.
This is surprising.
Because of the change in Canadian marriage laws, many American homosexuals came to Canada to get married.
I don't think she should've done that.
Have you begun studying English?
I need you to find him.
I want to go to school and study hard.
China has Chinese characteristics.
My heart began to race.
That she is ill is obvious.
Tom made a sandwich.
Did you learn that from Tom?
She made me wait for half an hour.
Why didn't you kiss her?
I made Ann my secretary.
She was pleased with the new dress.
You are not to break the law.
His work showed carelessness.
A flag is a national symbol.
The troubles of life are inevitable.
Religion is the opium of the people.
People call this kind of bird a cuckoo.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
That student runs fast, doesn't he?
There are lots of animals in the park.
Is there a flower shop in the hotel?
That's exactly what it means!
I was here.
I live in my uncle's house now.
Your room is big.
He must have drunk too much last night.
Tom wrote a very profound report.
Tom isn't the best player on our team.
Which way is the beach?
Six divided by two is three.
I'm knackered.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
He runs every day so he is very healthy.
How many bowls do we have?
Everybody was in a bad mood.
Which book are you reading?
I doubt if Tom is single.
I forgot it in the garage.
You're dumb.
Saying is quite different from doing.
Tom told Mary he couldn't do what she asked him to do.
He's a quick walker.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
He asked that we be silent.
Did you check all the items on the shopping list?
I was born in this hospital.
She applied her mind to her new job.
He keeps this gun loaded.
I'd like to go to Hawaii.
I waste a lot of time daydreaming.
The explorers discovered a skeleton in the cave.
Please get me hotel security.
Live in affluence.
I'd like to speak with Tom alone.
Use your own words to retell the content of the lesson.
I invited him to dinner.
Don't meddle in his affairs.
We can do more than they can.
That lecture was a waste of time.
I would like your picture.
I think this book is very interesting.
Are you feeling okay?
Waste not, want not.
He plays tennis very well.
It really is very annoying.
She and I are the same age.
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
I'll miss you too.
The water is rising.
It kept raining for a week.
Lend me your book, please.
Thousands of people rushed to Nome.
Thank you for lunch!
That piece of furniture is not fitting for the living room.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
Are you reading an interesting book?
Leave the book where it was.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
He was sitting on the floor.
My brother gave me a cute doll.
Everyone decides for themselves.
He does know that.
Why should I take the time to do that?
You should try this.
Then, let's go and eat, yeah?
My friend paid me a visit.
Kyoto and Boston are sister cities.
I don't agree with you smoking.
She is certain to be surprised.
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
Sorry, but I think you've got the wrong number.
We waited a while, but he didn't come.
The nurse is not here.
Let me explain it to you.
Don't drive too fast.
Would you like tea or something?
I caught three fish yesterday.
I watch her leave.
I hate silent movies.
My brother sometimes helps me with my homework.
She showers every morning.
He killed himself on his thirtieth birthday.
What is knowledge?
How fascinating!
According to the radio, it'll snow tomorrow.
Is there a place where I can charge my cellphone around here?
I didn't expect to see you here at all.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Where's my mum?
Don't play with matches.
They wash their hands.
Are you friends?
Do you think I'm made of money?
Tom said that you'd come.
He's taller than I am.
She's always been a very cheerful person.
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.
If so, what should we do?
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?
The ozone in the stratosphere absorbs ultraviolet radiation.
She substituted margarine for butter.
The movie received mixed reviews.
She felt much safer once she’d put her helmet on.
This broken vase can't be repaired.
Tom is bleeding.
He was banned from practising medicine.
You have lovely eyes, don't you?
How many years have you studied Mandarin for?
Many people change themselves, but nobody has a way of changing the world.
I don't want something bad to happen to us.
They decorated the room.
Stop making a fool of yourself.
When I hear that song I remember my youth.
I came by car.
He invited me to dinner.
Dreams can make me crazy.
Is there anything in the box?
Boil the water.
Are there French speakers in Canada?
You may think those shoes are in fashion, but they aren't.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
There's not a drop of water left.
I feel sad sometimes.
Correct!
She went from London to Paris.
Japan's rice market is closed to imports.
You'll start to understand what these words mean when you grow up.
Give it another shot.
I've been here before.
I hate studying.
Please take that baggage to the post office.
Who's your favorite teacher?
Is it a son or a daughter?
Welcome back. We missed you!
He works in Beijing.
Boys run fast.
Don't be fooled by appearances.
How long will you stay here?
The number of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States.
Please have someone else do it.
An old woman was burnt to death.
I'm completely exhausted.
Sami is not good at being a magician.
Tom is careful, isn't he?
I am my struggles.
Go to your respective seats.
He is richer than anyone else in this town.
5,000 yuan is a lot of money.
Tom is the only one in our family who doesn't speak French.
He'll be done soon.
It's absurd of you to do that.
He may have missed the last train.
Oh! Really?
I want to go to Seattle.
We have still a lot of food left.
There are many lakes in the area where you live.
Have you given Tom the key?
The satellite came flying over Hanoi.
It turned out that I was right.
I also like you.
I had the good fortune to be chosen.
She called up her mother on the phone.
We have to cope with hosts of difficulties.
"She likes music." "So do I."
Existentialism is a humanism.
Mary wants to become a teacher.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
Are you hungry?
I hope he'll get better soon.
Do you know how to use this?
Please give me a blanket.
Would you like some wine?
He stuck to the original plan.
I couldn't remember their names.
The conference is to be held in Tokyo the day after tomorrow.
Tom is taking a shower.
Sofia is Bulgaria's capital.
I wake up at 7 o'clock every morning.
Tom might be a vegetarian.
These animals feed on grass.
I'm afraid of earthquakes.
I'm tired of eating fast food.
There were six children in the Evans family.
There aren't many books on these shelves.
Tom and I got on the same bus.
I'm a stranger here myself. I'm afraid I can't help you.
Have you already come back?
The parcel arrived faster than I thought.
Sun lights the landscape, pain illuminates the soul.
It's very likely to rain tomorrow.
I'm from a different planet.
The surface of the earth is 70% water.
The principal presented each of the graduates with diploma.
Are you for or against abortion?
A square has four sides.
Ask him where he parked his car.
I forgot to ask him.
In its "Eleven Five Plan" (2006 to 2010), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town.
The waves crashed against the rocks.
Do you drink coffee?
I am studying computer science.
Please show your ticket.
Close the book.
He wants to pay off his loan.
She threw off her shoes and socks in anger.
Have we met before?
Singing is her strong point.
I don't like Tom very much, to be honest.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn't write this.
The storm didn't abate for several hours.
It's time to get up.
I caught a big fish yesterday.
Everyone inside the building felt the earthquake.
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year.
He gave me some money.
Are you being serious?
Where can I go to get a map of Europe?
I'm not very good at golf.
This is where I sleep.
Tom plans to return.
My mother excused his mistake.
There's still a lot to do.
I want to ask him for his phone number.
Can you tell me a little about yourself?
Thanks for accepting my friend request on Facebook.
What do you do after school?
Tom put his wallet on the table.
We've not done well.
Smoking is prohibited.
Are you being served?
Agriculture consumes a great amount of water.
Please return the book when you have finished reading it.
The court declared the defendant innocent.
Quite good, not bad.
Ann doesn't have any sisters.
Children, listen!
Many workers were laid off at that plant.
I wrote a wrong address on the envelope.
I already know what the answer is.
Where did you see Tom last?
I'm feeling the breath of life.
Tom has many friends living in Boston.
There are two butt-naked children playing on the beach.
My boyfriend wants to dye his hair purple.
The children were well looked after.
I've never met her.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
The losses are incalculable.
How was the seminar?
Tom's house has a nice garden.
Who's at fault?
I found him a genius at chemistry.
His mother came to pick him up.
Bob has too many books to read.
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
Winter is over.
If you have something to say, say it.
I know she is in France.
I don't want to celebrate my birthday.
Food is what matters to people.
There are only three people in my family.
The policeman lifted the box carefully.
She wept the entire night.
Let's discuss your love problems on the way back from school.
I'm in the middle of something.
Was Tom surprised?
Do you want me to give you a ride?
I live in this area.
Japanese people are considered to be polite.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Dung beetles are insects.
He has dozens of books about Japan.
I don't know anything about his past.
What does it sound like?
Tom reluctantly signed the papers.
Every man is a potential corpse.
I won't see her again.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Jessie strolled along beside the cart.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
You should drink a lot of liquid.
Is he working tomorrow?
Seeing me, they suddenly stopped talking.
That's called true love.
Tom probably knows why the meeting was postponed.
He paused to have a cigarette.
Does Tom have children?
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
I tried to stay on friendly terms with her, but it was impossible.
I have only just begun.
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
A few days' rest will do you good.
I graduated almost two years ago.
I know I'm a burden; you don't have to repeat it.
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
I couldn't make him understand it.
This is not expensive.
Come right in.
That's a great idea.
A right angle has ninety degrees.
You've finally remembered to bring a dictionary.
I need your cooperation.
It's extremely cold today.
Tom didn't write Mary back.
Wipe the pan dry with a paper towel.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
That boy runs too fast.
It is time to shut the gate.
Does Tom still plan to do that with Mary?
He acknowledged his faults.
Oh, could you please get the phone for me?
As I didn't have time to go shopping today, I had to make do with a sandwich for dinner.
Did Tom get the package that we sent him?
I love French.
The loss of his mother brought him sorrow and regret.
Learn!
If you would move over, there would be room for everyone.
They seemed to offend the referee.
She's a very interesting person.
My grandma gave me this necklace.
Are you finished?
She kept the secret to herself.
Translation is the language of Europe.
Tom told me he was nervous.
The policeman took the thief by the arm.
I caught the last bus.
I have the same dictionary as your brother has.
Beats me.
She stayed in the house all day.
Ireland is a very beautiful country.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.
I should read the book.
Tom left his sunglasses on the dashboard of my car.
The letter is inside the envelope.
You people can't help yourselves.
He was born on July 28th, 1888.
You are so beautiful, you do not need to use makeup.
What time does boarding begin?
She laid herself on the grass.
We are behind schedule.
He speaks French.
Run like the wind.
Tom is talking to himself.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
Her grandmother lived to be eighty-eight years old.
Prostitution, gambling, the use of narcotic substances, drunkenness, disorder, and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
The station is two meters away.
Would you mind picking up something on the way back?
He has many valuable paintings.
This is my fault.
I'll miss you, Tom.
I didn't call on him because I had a cold.
There are hundreds of books in his study.
There is food on the desk.
Tom is openly gay.
That is odd.
He was frozen to death.
She is poor, but happy.
Will you stay here a moment?
You aren't kids anymore.
You used to smoke, didn't you?
Is it dangerous?
I hate terrorist organizations.
If I had the money, I'd buy a new house.
I wonder what I should do today.
Tom loves apple juice.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
Tell Tom everything is fine.
He's a journalist.
Even though I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
Like a good wine, he improves with age.
He's at her side.
Well, say it, then!
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.
This is one of the best dictionaries I have.
Philosophy is the love of wisdom.
There's no need to understand women, but rather accept and love them.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
What's your friend's name?
I'm moving next month.
Are you sure about this?
Will I succeed?
We could go travelling for a few days.
It can be better with your younger sister.
Tom's hands are large.
Don't worry, I'll help you.
Did Thomas get sick?
I've never met him.
Where is the British embassy?
The car continued to accelerate.
She was afraid to travel alone.
Tom was selected.
Tom is a really smart guy.
Take your coat in case it rains.
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
By what age would you like to get married?
People grow more cynical with age.
I've never heard of the actor.
Did you have a good weekend?
Students generally like a teacher who understands their problems.
Show me what you bought.
I'm bad at sports.
You can ask the child who's playing over there.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
Please open this box.
He is busy learning English.
Aaah!! My computer is broken!
How often have you been to Europe?
That's absolute nonsense.
Why don't you talk to him?
I'm in charge of the propaganda.
Will this stuff jeopardize my health?
He's about the same age as you are.
He is easy to get along with.
The news left me uneasy.
You can't drink seawater because it is too salty.
Compared to our house, yours is a mansion.
There is no cause for worry.
I'm a teacher.
He has gone to New York on business.
This man is a linguist. It's natural that he know.
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.
You guys are totally clueless.
Tom is a lefty.
His car flipped over several times before it fell into the river.
I have to sell my house.
The boy threw stones at me.
I'm Russian.
He's thinking about this difficult problem.
Didn't you see me?
There is nothing here.
I'm allergic to kiwi.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
I bought a Daily News.
There is a bird here.
Yesterday I played football.
I was getting ready to go out. At that time, the telephone rang.
That's pretty good.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
Tom and I are good friends.
I began to doubt the accuracy of his statement.
I got a letter from her.
I don't think that he is sincere.
I don't know his name.
Tom is living in Boston now.
If anything is to be called sacred, it's the human body.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
Is it sweet or sour?
My husband is a professor.
It's October already.
She's a quiet person.
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine.
He lay on his back.
I never filter my coffee.
Actually, I don't know.
Imagine what it would be like if you had a time machine.
I'm waiting for someone.
Tom gave us nothing.
Born in America, Taro speaks good English.
There's an urgent need for medical supplies.
The girl was sobbing in the corner of the schoolroom.
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
What did he say to you?
Gold had been discovered in California.
Please open the door.
She said 'I love you' to me.
Are you excited?
Nobody knows why he turns down my help.
I don't know anybody here.
How many days are you going to be visiting your hometown?
I'll join you later.
Tom should have handled the situation differently.
Everyone except me was invited.
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
He spoke German with me.
Don't make me do that again.
Did you actually see the accident?
I know you think highly of him.
You don't need to give me a call.
Nara is a quiet and beautiful city.
Describe that accident in detail.
He is anything but a gentleman.
I worry about him.
Karim is my chosen Muslim name.
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.
What time did you go to bed yesterday?
Car!
Where's the phone book?
The Second World War started in 1939.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
You have to queue.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
They are going to launch an artificial satellite tomorrow.
Try to estimate how much you spent on books.
I wonder if this is love.
The door of the office is yellow.
Stop bothering me.
They missed the train.
He is up to his ears in debt.
I didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
An hexagon has six sides.
I am studying now.
He is lacking in common sense.
I see a flower on the desk.
Nothing is easier than finding fault with others.
Have you already bought the tickets?
What is in the living room?
My throat feels dry.
Which do you prefer: this one or that one?
Every year, the summers get hotter and the winters get colder.
Long long ago, there lived a pretty girl.
I should do it.
My wife and children depend on me.
It's windy.
The teacher gave John a prize.
Why is my friend an idiot?
I wish Tom could've been there.
Where are the satellites?
I can't swim.
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
I've been here a long time.
Rather than cutting down on cigarettes, why don't you just give them up?
My house is only a mile from here.
There were no chairs in ancient China.
They are all students.
It's not a joke.
Studying is a student's work.
My father gets along with his friends.
When did you get to London?
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
I just need to get something off my chest.
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."
The police arrested him for smuggling.
I don't like to use Google Translator.
When I left home in my younger days, grandpa always told me, "May you have an upwind journey!" It was only when I grew up did I realise that I was the high-flying kite in his eyes.
I should know.
I read it wrong.
Do you know how many people in the world starve to death every year?
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
Nobody wants to touch this.
I go every year.
The rule of the road must be strictly observed.
Today's Monday.
Is there a discount if you pay in cash?
Please keep it a secret.
Today I went to university to study. Tomorrow I will go again.
What programming language does everybody like?
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
You don't have to be so formal.
You need a key to open the box.
Have you ever been to Tokyo?
Let's begin.
The hydrangea blooms in June.
I slept on the bus.
We're old friends.
We had thought that he was a hero, but he turned out to be a traitor.
She's on a diet.
We're out of beer.
Is this Arabic ? - No, this is Uighuric, a language spoken in North-West China.
He is a local.
Were you scolded by your teacher?
You know how hard this is for me.
She is holding flowers in her hand.
I got soaked by the rain on the way home.
I need evidence.
I had a feeling this might happen.
Let me do that.
His brother is always watching TV.
It's been said that one should not smell deer musk when pregnant.
He got 90% in English.
Telephone him if the message is important.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
He introduced his daughter to me.
Please bear with me until I finish the story.
I want to go abroad someday.
Tom came home drunk from the party.
A girl phoned me.
I'm out of cash.
He advised me on my study.
His story can't be true.
I am not eating.
He left his daughter a great fortune.
Why do humans smile? This is a very difficult question to answer.
Your answer is right.
All of them are good teachers.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
I am going to the store.
All good things must come to an end.
I'll start my work on the first of July.
This is your change.
Don't judge a man from the way he looks.
If you run into Mr. Long, don't forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
One must learn a lesson from the difficult situations and bad conditions in one's life.
My son is engaged to his secretary.
Mary is very unhappy, isn't she?
Who are you to tell me to get out?
Does it hurt a lot?
I spent the best part of the day reading.
I have much in common with him.
I think it's fine.
Tom doesn't how to do that.
I need a waiter to help me order.
I don't discriminate.
I don't want to go there again.
I have thirteen cats.
I can no longer remain silent.
The boss is there?
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
An elderly person in my family suddenly fell to the ground; he likely suffered a stroke.
I think you should make the deal.
Did you come here alone?
Keep looking.
Tom has not been doing very well at work recently.
How come you know so much about Japanese history?
Is Mom here?
At the beginning, I was bored with radio gymnastics, but now I do not dislike it.
I would like to eat.
Who does Toshio like?
It's a privilege to meet you.
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?
The situation is worse than I thought.
I'm at home.
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
My Chinese teacher is a man.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
Were you fat when you were in high school?
Tom just wants your attention.
Bring me a bucket of water.
We're out of sugar.
I want to sing a song.
There's a white dove on the roof.
Help us reach our goal.
As for me, I am satisfied.
I like shopping.
Do you still have my phone number?
I don't have much money on me right now, but my card has some on it.
You may choose whichever you want.
Tom already has a plan.
He especially loves to tell jokes.
You should've started an hour and a half ago.
She was told to accompany me.
I'm waiting for my girlfriend.
She flew away on wings of light.
You don't have to eat it.
There is a cat under the table.
Portugal is a republic.
I was played, I thought their joke was real!
I was scared to be alone in the dark.
He is old enough to understand it.
I lost my way in the woods.
Do you have medical insurance?
I need to configure this server with an appropriate firewall system.
Have a nice day, Tom.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
Isn't that good?
Do you drink alcohol?
Fortune beamed on him.
Is there anything else you can tell me?
I think that Tom is a bit too impatient.
The milk turned sour.
He asked me if I was happy or not.
Can you demonstrate it?
The Chinese government issued a white paper entitled "Diaoyu Islands are China's inherent territory" on the 25th.
Whether you like it or not, you'll have to do it.
The idea is still in my mind.
It wasn't clear what she meant.
I kissed her on her forehead.
Chinese is my mother tongue.
The first person who ate crab must also have tried to eat a spider.
Tom is trying to figure out how to do that now.
He suspects me of telling a lie.
It's very easy to learn how to swim.
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out.
Where are you now?
Tom knew how to do that.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
I'm standing guard.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
There's no way to win.
Mary was proud of her beauty.
When I first met her, she was nearly 30 years old.
Taiwan is not Thailand.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Doesn't that change things?
A large pillar obstructs the view of the lake.
Many people attended his concert.
I want to go on a journey around the world if possible.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is not a vegetable. It's a fruit.
Tom knows Mary was here.
I am doubtful whether he will come.
Everyone in her class likes her.
I paid him the money.
I've finished writing the letter.
She cared for her father until his death.
Regardless how many times I try to solve this nasty problem, I always end up failing.
You're not supposed to be in this area.
How much time did it take you to learn Chinese so well?
She has not seen him for a long time.
I can't remember how to go there.
I know Tom is in his room changing clothes.
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.
Do you know who Rie Miyazawa is?
May I have a bus schedule?
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
Some medicines can be harmful to the body.
I want to reserve a room.
Going to sleep and waking up early is good for the body.
Workaholics view holidays as a waste of time.
When in Rome, do as the Romans.
The bus was two minutes early.
They became close friends.
Your problem is similar to mine.
I suggested that we bring the meeting to an end.
This is a new experience for Tom.
The boy got lost in the forest.
We've been living here since July.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
The number of students grows year by year.
German is not an easy language.
At every moment we are ready for anything.
You're just running away from life's problems.
Let's see if we can get the gate closed.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
There's somebody at the door.
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
We are happy to see you again.
It can't possibly be true.
Bung it in the bin.
Please show me your injured arm.
Life is difficult.
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.
My mother often said that time is money.
We've got it in your size, but not in that colour.
I was always good at English.
In general, men run faster than women.
Tom said that he had been cleaning the house all day.
"What's the matter?" "I can't find my keys." "Which ones?" "My bicycle ones."
Tom remained a bachelor until his death.
Why has it been getting hotter and hotter these last two days?
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
Where's your bag?
Are you afraid of bugs?
I didn't mean to be selfish.
Don't tell anyone.
Hope we can do business again someday.
Every Tuesday morning the housekeeper vacuums.
I was deeply impressed by the scenery.
The boy plays the piano.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
School has started and I like it so far.
We all have our faults.
Did you read that thick book?
I returned his book to him.
Life is not all fun and games.
Tom has been a friend of mine for years.
I might've forgotten my keys.
I'll go by myself.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
It'll definitely rain.
Water is very important.
The doctor cured him of his cancer.
We must wait.
You'd better go home as soon as possible.
Mr. Goat Butt never told me there would be a partner.
All three of us are students.
I don't mind being criticized when I am wrong.
There's a problem there that you don't see.
Is there a post office near here?
I was so homesick.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
Here are your keys.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
I am fond of the cinema.
The ship is not equipped with radar.
That is his house.
I have a friend who lives in London.
Tom talked with Mary all night.
Could I get some tea?
I was wrong.
How long does the airport bus take to the airport?
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
The book I bought last night has arrived.
What time will you leave?
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.
There's a really good song about Macau's return to Chinese rule.
In the 1950's, the Finns were cited as having one of the least healthy diets in the world.
It will be said by your daughter.
She said that John must be very glad to hear the news.
I think she is very brave.
I don't have enough money for my trip.
You are skinny.
The world is not so bad. Of course, it is better when you succeed.
The house was ablaze.
But meanwhile it flees: time flees irretrievably, while we wander around, prisoners of our love of detail.
Tom and John are good friends.
Keep away from the electrical equipment.
May the force be with you.
Tom never saw her again.
I can play tennis.
The moon knows how much I love you.
Mary can dance well.
They had a lovely time together.
Nobody watches her.
Their common aim was to make the project successful.
This is my favorite color.
He is a great authority on economics.
Last night I was dead drunk and fell asleep without having a bath.
What time do you start work?
You are nothing but a student.
This book is really interesting.
Yes, of course.
I want you to find them.
Are you Muslim?
I don't like science.
It is a pleasure to watch a baseball game on TV.
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
"Tom, I have to tell you something. I love someone. His name starts with T and ends with M." "Er, who would that be? Is it someone I know?"
That's not a cat. That's a dog.
They're eating apples.
His speech captured our attention.
Learning about the way the Earth has formed is a very interesting thing.
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Mary can swim.
He occasionally reads detective novels.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
Do you play any other instruments besides the piano?
Do you know how much love it takes for a woman to be undressed by a man, becoming nude in front of him?
I have never fed my dog a banana.
He is a quick walker.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
No hobby is as cheap as reading, nor provides such long lasting enjoyment.
Let's drop in on the Nakamoris'.
I had a lot of fun last weekend.
A stranger is just a friend that you haven't met yet.
We heard the bomb go off.
Don't you want to know the reason?
Round trip or one-way?
The road parallels the river.
That's a dumb question.
We won't go out if it doesn't stop raining.
Hands up!
Can I have something to eat?
Tom is not easily satisfied.
Daddy, I love you!
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.
My parents passed away last year.
Talk to me about Germany.
We climbed a sharp slope.
That’s what we heard.
Let go of your negative outlook on life.
I play video games.
Tom made a horrible mistake.
The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
This is the hottest summer we have had in fifty years.
Tell those people to back off so that the helicopter can land.
I flicked through the textbook to the final page.
They seem to be happy, don't they?
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.
Tom is quite good at cooking.
It's when you teach foreigners Chinese that you realize just how flawed your own Chinese is.
Did you do your homework by yourself?
Spitting is prohibited.
Tom wrote this book.
Do you know that hotel?
Why didn't you dance with him?
Do you know me?
In summer, I take a shower every morning.
He teaches English to his friends.
Tom went abroad.
I've always believed in and insisted on this.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
We spoke briefly.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
Where do you have pain?
Please tell me where the bus stop is.
The weather was getting worse and worse.
It's cloudy today.
She speaks Chinese.
Turn the knob and open the door.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
He was under suspicion of being a spy.
Your order has been submitted.
Is Tom ready for that?
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
Smash someone else's phone.
I can never get my son to eat any vegetables.
The baby is sleeping in the cradle.
These flowers you see are roses.
She advised him to drink more milk.
This food is enough to feed two people.
Every minute of delay costs lives.
The library is in the middle of the city.
This is my baby.
Please kill the lights.
Talking of traffic accidents, I saw one last year.
I love you more than anyone else.
He painted the door over white.
The teachers knew about it.
These issues have no effect on us.
May I open the windows?
Don't judge a book by its cover.
What a lucky person he is!
She's not Carmen, she's Anna.
Spacesuits protect astronauts from being injured from impacts of small bits of space dust.
Nothing is lost for asking.
This part was easy.
What is the time now?
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
Tom mostly kept to himself.
I lost my key somewhere around here.
That's a pheasant.
The next one's for you.
You should be able to do that.
You think I'm an idiot?
She doesn't seem to be an American.
It may rain tonight.
Tom let out a big sigh.
Mari and Maki are sisters.
Do you still collect stamps?
His word is law.
Some furniture is put together with glue.
We went to the station to see her off.
I think you're a lot stronger than you know.
His action is against the law.
Please give me some more coffee.
The news spread all over Japan.
Perhaps it won't be long before I meet you.
Are you coming along with us?
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows.
He wasn't hurt.
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
I love tagliatelle.
Have you attained your goal?
You were duped by him.
I haven't heard from you for a long time.
I don't think you should.
Each country has its own customs.
Mathematics is the language with which God has written the universe.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
I know what that is.
Stop smoking.
Tom didn't like Mary.
I'm not really prepared.
I know. I was there.
He goes out to drink beer every night.
Tom blew out all the candles on the cake.
He lived in the center of London.
What's your impression of China?
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.
At last, they reached the top of the mountain.
I'm a little bit concerned.
Bill got up early in order that he might catch the first train.
Who is José's classmate?
I feel sad when I think about all the people who die in wars.
I've been reading this for a few hours.
Tom has lost his interest in studying French.
That's even worse.
She is aged seventeen.
I am 16 years old.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
I didn't realize the importance of that problem.
It's presumptuous for humans to assume that our task is to do what only God can do.
Korean food is generally very spicy.
This car pulled up in front of the bank.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
Do not eat anything before you go to bed.
I'm using Twitter.
It is the first step which is troublesome.
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?
I ordered pizza by telephone.
Overall, the movie was a success from script to screen.
Jump as high as you can.
She's going to return to her country.
I saw a stranger enter that house.
Everybody looked up to him.
I got up early in order to catch the first train.
This article is of no value.
It is of no consequence to me that he is coming.
Tell me how to solve the problem.
These guys are all part of the 'nomophobic' group.
I like your house.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
I don't agree with you.
Don't look at me like that.
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
He's proposing a suggestion for altering the research method.
Rain prevented us from taking a walk.
He himself was not the light.
Tom got so absorbed in his work that he forgot to eat.
I woke up at eleven.
That's a pretty big assumption.
I carried the box on my shoulder.
Mary stayed up late last night.
My questions were met with a frosty silence.
Tom often falls asleep in class.
It is said the house is haunted.
I had a good sleep last night.
What exactly do you need?
Someone's at the door.
Grandma Ling died with unfinished business. It is said that to this day no one has dared to live in that house.
Where did you run to?
The demon grabbed my sister and, with howling laughter, cast her into a bottomless pit.
I will be free next Saturday.
I'll be with you forever.
Are you really Italian?
I know how we can help.
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
Where is the railway station?
She fortunately knows his address.
I regret having said that to him.
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.
Tom and Mary told John to give them a call after dinner.
She is cowardly.
Read this book.
Look at him.
This car stopped in front of the bank.
Are there any good movies being shown this week?
Kids go to school to study.
I want to buy a pair of pants.
In a word, you hate me, don't you?
This park is a little kid's paradise.
I want paper.
Hurry, pick up your pace!
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.
I'm faster.
He is very good at teaching people.
To tell you the truth, I've been scolded by my mom.
He put down the pencil on the desk.
Do you have any free time this weekend?
I want a bottle of ice water.
She planted fragrant olives in the garden.
He has ambition, so he works hard.
Why did you lie?
Surgery is the best solution.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
Why did you sell it?
That scandal cost him his reputation.
The judgement went against him.
I want to go skating.
I met him yesterday for the first time.
Where did Tom buy these flowers?
You need to have breakfast.
Tom is going to have a party next week.
You are at home today noon time.
"Bracelet" means the same thing in English that it does in French.
He said to me, "danger!"
You definitely can't compare Marseilles and Lyons.
The company suffered a loss of one billion yen last year.
I was about to leave when you telephoned.
On the weekend, I climbed the mountain.
Teach me how to fold a paper crane. I forgot how to fold it.
I think Tom expects too much from us.
Would you like to wait?
He was admitted without taking the exam.
That is a strange question.
I'm ready to go back home.
Generally, men run faster than women.
She was bewitched by his smile.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
There is only one can of meat left.
Tom is serving a life sentence.
Their boy was named Edward.
He's the oldest son.
I need a new pen. I'll buy one.
That tall man is Mr. Smith.
I'm sorry, could you say that again?
Let's take a 10-minute break.
Someone called.
That's why I called you.
I usually have breakfast at seven.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
I don't know who you are.
I hear that keeping yourself hydrated at appropriate times can help prevent heatstroke.
My room is a pigsty.
Ten minutes remained until the end of the lesson.
She's watching the Olympics.
The blue lines on the map represent rivers.
The two of us don't belong here.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
Let's fall in love.
It's hailing!
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
I make it a point to shine my shoes before I go to bed.
Politics are the life.
I'm good at skiing.
How about studying together in the library?
Tom fell asleep at the cinema.
What do you think of these poems?
Memorizing the order of a deck of playing cards is definitely not easy, but it's not impossible.
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba.
Many people were waiting in line.
More than 40 percent of the students go on to university.
Tom, are you okay?
I want to see you first.
Everyone listened and was very happy, thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful.
There's no success without perseverance.
You'd better stop him.
He is proud that his father was a great scientist.
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German.
He ordered a beer.
Huizi asked Zhuangzi: "If you're not a fish, how do you know what fish enjoy?"
You may injure yourself if you don't follow safety procedures.
What are you two arguing about?
Shall we go to a little more upscale restaurant?
Can you play the violin?
I did that as soon as Tom told me I needed to.
Why aren't you in jail?
You're completely right!
Pilots communicate with the airport by radio.
The airport is over there.
Yumi studied English last night.
Tom didn't deny he did that.
She attracted me at first sight.
They don't have to know.
Sport is good for your health.
I did everything by myself.
Let me help you. Your bag looks very heavy.
I like this picture, not just because it's famous, but because it really is a masterpiece.
You must be more careful about spelling and punctuation.
Mary is addicted to coffee.
So, it isn't hot at all.
My father is getting better by degrees.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
I can't see you.
Tom said that he didn't have any classes today.
I didn't catch what he said.
My watch needs mending.
I want you to wait for me.
Tom sleeps with his socks on.
Let's assume that'll happen.
The earth is just a sphere suspended in space.
What's your favorite movie?
Now Ghouate's village is connected to the world's largest functioning fog collection project, alleviating the need to collect water that fell mainly on women.
She said she may do that.
He committed multiple crimes.
Raise your leg.
She had a basket full of apples.
"Will they go on strike again?" "I'm afraid so."
His father doesn't play golf.
Are you sure you don't want to come?
Would you like me to stop?
Whether the medicine will work or not is uncertain.
Betty has a sweet voice.
What was the reason for it?
The floor was covered with blood.
Marcus helped almost every day.
I know you're rich.
The island is a paradise for children.
He moved to Tokyo.
We have a single for 50 dollars per night.
My team is always losing.
I just wasn't paying attention.
Do not eat too much cake.
Friendship and happiness cannot be separated.
It's too long.
She doesn't need to work.
Eat more slowly.
Do you know what I'm doing?
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
Tom didn't think he needed to do that.
I'm not turning back.
This meeting isn't over.
I can't remember when he moved to Boston.
A sponge absorbs water.
Where were you yesterday evening?
Is this patronizing or meddling in someone else's business?
I won't do this again.
Tom is probably not very hungry right now.
This is not okay.
I am looking forward to the trip.
When both girls told John they had feelings for him, he was in a quandary as to which girl he should be with.
He lost his eyesight in the accident.
The heels of his socks had been worn out.
Smoking one cigarette a day is a good habit.
My sister's work is teaching English.
Not one friend came.
There are cats on Mars, too.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura's.
Sugar dissolves in water.
All these new blocks will undoubtedly impact the loading speed of the home page.
How many teachers of Spanish are there at this high school?
Tom has a very friendly smile.
I get along with my younger brother.
It is as hot a day as yesterday.
She's neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
He put on the red jacket.
This dictionary is mine.
I wonder when Anne will come.
I have a surprise for you.
The noise woke her up.
He participated in the debate.
Do you know how my friends describe me?
I'm the coach.
We've been warned.
I'm waiting for you to help me.
He made his way to the minister.
I didn't know what to say.
What is the good of reading such books?
Are you sure this is the right way?
This dentist was too expensive.
I have nothing to say with regard to that problem.
I am sick and tired of him.
You can trust him with any job.
She looked up at the sky.
Our class has more than twenty students.
We've arrived.
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody.
Don't cry before you're hurt.
The party host had a Portuguese accent.
Life vests are located under your seats.
Waiter needed.
Come out here. I need help.
We moved to New York last fall.
School begins tomorrow.
A good idea came into my mind.
I'm the same height as Tom is.
I was the last one to turn in my test.
Ebola is one of the most virulent viruses known to man.
The sun shines through the tri-color clouds, shooting towards the earth.
I didn't go to school yesterday.
Is anyone absent today?
Put down your weapons.
We haven't lost much.
The relationship between the mind and the heart is much like the relationship between a castle's library and its master.
The knight swears an oath of allegiance to the King.
She rejected me.
Where was the mistake?
I'll get some glasses.
I didn't confront them.
It's gotten late, so you better hurry up and sleep. You still need to go to work tomorrow.
We know why you came here.
I've seen Tom naked.
The box wasn't empty.
Jose screamed “man on” when he saw a player from the opposition behind Marcello.
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.
Maybe you could draw me a picture.
Wake me up before you leave.
You don't have to talk so loud.
I am interested in taking pictures.
In places where it snows a lot, kerosene is an indispensable item.
My brother can drive a car.
Most young people have mobile phones.
This is what I can do for you.
We considered the report as false.
The cat is old.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice?
Tom isn't a bad coach.
Don't let him hit you.
I know Tom is naive.
What a miser you are!
I think I've found something of yours.
I can't concentrate on my work because of the noise.
Is there always a Chinese person next to you helping you type?!
If we don't hurry, we'll miss our train.
There was nothing left in the fridge.
It has some bearing on this problem.
Is this really real?
My sister lives near Yokohama.
That has been my dream since childhood.
He was forced to sign the document.
See you then.
That requires careful consideration.
He is in college.
In any case, it's none of your business.
Another factor to be taken into consideration is that the present situation is favourable to us.
I found you, didn't I?
He foisted a bunch of hard work on me.
I slept only three hours.
Scream it loud!
She was very surprised at the news.
Don't lean against the wall.
Please write to me about conditions at your school.
When have you asked him to eat dinner?
I would like another beer.
Please say that again!
Suddenly everything went black and I lost consciousness.
You're now old enough to support yourself.
Tom has something else to say.
I'm prepared to die.
He is confronted by many difficulties.
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.
I heard the manager's wife is on vacation. And, well, when the cat's away, the mice play. Now he's out partying every night.
Please give me your permanent address.
I don't like being made a fool of.
You only started this job an hour ago.
Tom hasn't taken a bath in a long time.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sleeping.
She is always bright and smiling.
Betty has a previous conviction for theft.
Why do you like living in Algeria?
Worried, the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima, who was breathing heavily - his forehead covered in sweat.
She didn't have any pencils.
The cat arched its back and stretched itself.
She would willingly come but she was on vacation.
He's very cross.
An eclipse of the moon is a rare phenomenon.
He sells cars.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
The rain wasn't heavy enough to put out the fire.
I have only five thousand yen.
Express your idea clearly.
We think that it is dangerous to climb mountains alone.
Three months is too short a time to finish the experiment.
She borrowed my scissors.
He never sleeps.
His absence gave birth to all sorts of rumors.
Tom died in his kitchen.
It’s a communication medium, not a substance or specific activity.
Excuse me, but I feel sick.
He is trying to keep up with the current of the times.
People who play with mud will get their hands dirty.
Don't believe everything you hear.
He and his brother are like two peas in a pod.
Wine made here is very famous.
They abandon their children.
Prices have dropped recently.
Those two characters mean the same thing.
My sister married a doctor.
Tom is fat.
I always have trouble remembering names.
He did not accept their invitation.
Fur protects animals from the cold.
The two brothers are quite unlike in their appearance.
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.
I saw a horse pulling a cart.
She was killed in an automobile accident.
Did he study English yesterday?
Knock before entering.
You met him at the university?
Tom is sure to succeed.
This chair is light.
Everything seems to go right with him.
You should study English harder.
I think that what you're doing is wrong.
I see him eating and sleeping, sleeping and eating, playing games whenever, lazy in the utmost!
"He'd like to have a coffee after work." "I would too."
Our pilaf is four yuan.
The city isn't the one I left six years ago.
Your book is here.
I'll call them tomorrow when I come back.
I want a box in which to keep these toys.
I didn't ask Tom to come here.
Your Chinese is so good, you can quote proverbs.
He knows how to play the piano.
I can't shake off my cold.
She is very pretty.
He doesn't have a mobile.
He has a brother and two sisters.
You know, I've never seen you with a guy before.
He sent a card to Mary.
I'm too busy to help him.
Tom was teased by everyone.
Give the book to whomever wants it.
I was hoping Tom would come here today.
What do you call a man who takes care of sheep in the field?
He's my older brother.
He excels over the other people in his class.
What have you done with my pen? It was here a minute ago.
I'm getting married to her in June.
Really? You look so young.
Don't hang out with people that easily give up.
Tom felt very lonely.
She refused to do what they wanted.
He seems very interested in musical theatre and the like, and he also seems quite adept.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
I promised Tom and Mary I'd help them.
I have two big brothers.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
She became happy.
Count to ten.
This battery is going to run out.
I've a yen for adventures.
Keep accounts.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
What types of films do you like?
A penny saved is a penny earned.
Tom's life was changed forever.
Just say what you want to say.
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.
I am not rich, nor do I wish to be.
I was secretly in love with him.
Tom fed the sheep.
I'm good at math.
If there's a better solution, then I'll notify you about it as soon as possible.
Open up.
I want some fresh eggs.
What disease do I have?
She took my words as a joke.
Mix the flour with two eggs.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don't return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
This is true.
She made cookies for the children.
Another day gone by.
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical.
Tom isn't nearly as smart as he thinks he is.
Tom was popular.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
It is not raining.
The baby started crying.
Even cake shops are closed!
She decided to study abroad.
I'm used to staying up late at night.
We're not going to stop them.
The sky suddenly became overcast.
These trees are beautiful.
It is said that there is no life on Mars.
He closed his eyes.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
I'm a junior high school student.
The moon and stars were shining above us.
Can I talk to you privately for a minute?
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
Try not to think about her all the time.
It's a long way to the station.
The child caught a cold.
Did you go abroad for pleasure or on business?
These are common diseases of children.
School uniforms are just out of fashion.
When you returned, I had already left.
I have seen him many times.
She can sing very well.
Let's take a look.
I play the guitar after school.
When did you start working here?
I forgot the address.
What kind of yogurt do you like best?
I'll be back tomorrow.
I am learning to dance, once a week.
I'm sorry, but I cannot answer right away.
You had a bath.
Yes, I know it.
Sadako wanted to forget about it.
His upper body looks like it has the shape of an inverted triangle; standing there, he seems extremely handsome!
The teacher said to everyone: "Our wedding is starting now."
Where's the cook?
I wake him at six every morning.
He disregarded my advice.
The sea can be heard from here.
You have three minutes to surrender.
Let me know beforehand instead of springing it on me at the last minute.
My father takes a bath before supper.
Hedgehogs are cute.
I want my dinner brought to my room.
Even though it sounds strange, what she said is true.
How well he played!
I take a bath almost every day.
You owe me a kiss.
I like eggplant.
He is my youngest brother.
You need to reverse your vest, it's back to front.
I'm scared of dentists.
He was angry and hit her.
What do you have in your bag?
This is impossible.
Could we have a table outside?
I am not satisfied with my performance today.
I miss Mary's cooking.
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
Just at that time, the bus stopped.
I enjoy watching soccer on TV.
Snails have been eating our lettuces.
Please make yourself at home.
Tom wrote propaganda online without pay for the government, but cried when everyone in his hometown was massacred by the government.
He put the book on the table.
Look! An airplane!
He is superior to his opponents in all respects.
How much do the carrots cost?
My father's hair has become white.
I cannot follow your logic.
She has a cucumber at her bedside.
We are in the era of atomic energy.
If you hurry, you'll catch up with him.
Any student can answer that question.
Talk to you later.
He was once a rugby player.
I like Cantonese music more than Mandarin music.
However, I have no money.
I am not Swiss.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of his smile.
He comes here twice a week.
By the time that he tried 966, Dima was beginning to give up hope.
This law is applicable to all cases.
He sometimes drops in on me.
I have a black and a white dog.
I ran into an old friend.
The garrison was forced to surrender.
Please don't speak to me.
You have no right to do that.
This isn't Little Black is it?
Tom said he didn't have any classes today.
I'm so worn out.
They believe that Jane is honest.
It was rainy for three days.
She wiped her wet hair with a towel.
I don't care whichever you choose.
I went running past them.
I know that you can't stop Tom.
Can you cook?
She continued with the work.
I still haven't heard from him.
Tom came a little earlier today than he usually does.
When she was three years old, her father died.
Pick a letter.
The women work in a restaurant.
What does it cost?
All the characters of this comic are girls.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom needed to do.
Thank you, sir.
This new market may improve the entire industry.
Tell her that I am sleeping.
She is used to living a hardworking and frugal life.
I am counting on you.
Bank robbery will cost you ten years in prison.
Skopje is the capital of Macedonia.
Maria doesn't like speaking in public.
Pizza is my favorite food.
Keep the change!
The dog is dying.
Do you want to eat garbanzo beans?
What's with you?
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
The site of the castle is now a park.
Please don't leave me alone.
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.
I often play football after school.
His own survival is more important now.
May I borrow your bike?
I want to drive.
I can't understand what happened.
Mary helped her mother cook.
I think that Liszt's "Forgotten Waltz No.3" is a hidden masterpiece.
Bill took his brother to the zoo.
Ice melts to become water.
They are very big.
What do you think Tom plans to do?
This is an interesting book, isn't it?
I jumped for joy.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
Yes, it's possible.
His proposal is not worth talking about.
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
Owing to its landmass, the Antarctic has an air temperature lower than that of the Arctic.
There was a crack in my tennis racket, so I sent it out to be repaired.
You know as well as I do that Tom hates Mary.
The cat is sitting on top of the table.
Is it my turn?
I call him Mike.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you're done.
This is a state school.
It had been arranged beforehand.
What vegetables do you like to eat?
Where is Tom?
What you've said is completely correct.
When I'm feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
Good question!
The colours of the napkins are the same, but the sizes are not.
Don't speak with your mouth full!
Japan produces a lot of good cameras.
I've caught a bad cold.
Reckless driving can easily lead to an accident.
The red flag indicated the presence of danger.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Can you please close that window?
I don't like being alone.
She kept walking about the room.
Whenever I see the clouds, I think of whipped cream.
Everyone recognized his skill.
What do you want to do in university?
You never get my jokes.
The apple does not fall far from the tree.
Try not to get lost.
Tom claims he doesn't remember.
Who's your favorite character in this book?
I've been working for this newspaper for four years.
With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
These boots are made of leather.
I am reading very slowly.
It's no use pretending to make me believe that I believe things you don't believe!
Who is able to reveal the mysteries of the sea?
Tom is quite likely to be late.
We should've worked harder.
My father allowed me to go swimming.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
For example, if I want to get downtown what bus should I take?
He often comes late to school.
Perfect!
She took care of the poor little bird.
I finally persuaded him to buy it.
This is my first love.
You see the words that I typed on the screen, but you don't see the tears that I shed over the keyboard.
Ignorance is the mother of fear as well as of admiration.
You had better be careful not to overeat.
Remember to check to make sure the gas has been turned off before you go out.
I eat a slice of bread.
I talked to friends.
Do they know?
The offer is too good to be turned down.
I'm going to visit him next week.
Will you tell me how to get to Shinjuku?
How is your surname written?
No leaping over.
My father quit drinking.
I go to school by subway.
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to you.
Smiling is a cheap way to be prettier.
I am 18 years old.
Tom was the only boy in the class.
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Regarding the question at hand, can I give you an answer in two days' time?
Tom and Mary said that they didn't feel hot.
He wrote a book about China.
Things are the same, but people have changed.
How is your surname pronounced?
They are not singing, they are flirting with each other.
This patient's condition is getting worse day by day.
Every dog is alive.
The dog's name is Ken.
I am poor at drawing.
Can you feel the difference?
I like your city.
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.
We had more snow this year than last.
My coach said, "Failure teaches success."
How did you come to know it?
The President cannot disband the Parliament.
There wasn't a dry eye in the house.
I like coffee very much.
That's your car.
I have an egg.
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
I can't believe that you love me.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
"Vaya" means "wow," "baya" means "berry," and "valla" means "fence."
I bought this printer yesterday.
Precision is important in math.
Before understanding the situation clearly, he hastily gave his opinion.
Would you lend me your pencil?
Please return the book by tomorrow.
He had a book on physics published.
Please keep the classroom tidy.
She left early in the morning.
Where did she buy those gloves?
Could you tell me the way to the station?
I am very happy.
My room faces south, which makes it sunny and very comfortable.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
I brought up two kids all on my own.
I'm Spanish.
I would like to pay with cash.
Tom is the last person I want to see right now.
Torres booted the ball to his teammate.
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
You should have worked harder.
Do you have children already?
Tom is good, but not good enough.
The noise frightened the baby.
This truck has a maximum load of 5 tons.
Does anyone smell smoke?
Tom wouldn't do it this way.
Where was Tom born?
I'm worried about your health.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
I can only speak for myself.
Tom's sure to complain.
A cat has seven lives.
By the 1940s, the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics, with an equally wide variety of accessories.
I work in a bank.
These medicines should be taken three times a day.
They're afraid of us.
She sleeps in the car.
He no longer lives here.
Everyone hates know-it-alls.
I don't think that television will take the place of books.
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury.
The cheese is yellow.
Your classmate's clothes are very pretty.
I know her very well.
I will make a man out of you.
Tom wants a motorcycle.
We have our evening meal at 9 here.
Smoking has affected his lungs.
Do you know the taste of thought?
I miss you!
Could you give me a ball-park figure?
Do more, and fail less.
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
You must eat fruits.
Tom is going to a concert this evening.
She knows me.
Compared with him, she is very noisy.
I want five meatballs.
Where is your brother?
She is sitting on the bench.
Poor is not the one who has too little, but the one who wants too much.
That factory makes toys.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
You like rain, don't you?
It is very expensive to keep up with the latest fashions.
I found the book I'd lost the day before.
No matter what happens, I'll keep my promise.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
What's this supposed to mean?
You should get there in five minutes walking.
He is an independent thinker.
Sami said it was time to go.
It was not until I reached home that I missed my purse.
Please keep it under your hat.
Why do you need my help?
I saw you in my dream.
Where's my wife?
He dried himself with a towel.
These things aren't mine!
We associate Darwin with the theory of evolution.
I'll wait until four o'clock.
How large is the population of New York City?
I'm starting to get old!
He is always popular among his friends. So whenever he comes across troubles or emergencies, they are happy to offer help.
Alice is sleeping in her room.
Is he any better today?
I am eating.
This sentence has a mistake.
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka.
Isn't that good enough?
This is very dangerous.
We're going downtown.
I had my leg hurt while playing football.
You should come home before six.
I no longer wish to be your wife.
We could see the sunset from the window.
I'd like to come with you.
I want to climb this mountain.
I play the piano.
He amassed a large fortune before he died.
The Soviet troops started to withdraw from Afghanistan.
Oops - I forgot my medicine.
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.
My aunt lives in New York.
Luke, I am your cousin.
The cat got through the hedge.
Noises interfered with my studying.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, they went through the contract again.
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?
She definitely took the wrong bus.
The moonlight is really beautiful.
She felt uneasy at the thought of her future.
Reactionary groups were overthrown by the people.
Appearance isn't all.
I donate blood every three months.
Mine is bigger than yours.
Next time you come, don't forget to give it back to me.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
The glass from a round table has been smashed.
The art of modern warfare does not necessarily require soldiers to be armed to the teeth to be effective as combatants.
Believe in your dreams, no matter how impossible they seem.
Let me show you around our house.
Even if I knew where Tom and Mary were, I wouldn't tell you.
Someone is at the front door. Go and see who it is.
They work only during the day.
I've never been to my uncle's house.
What's your favorite fast-food restaurant?
I'd rather die than surrender!
After today, I want to send the manuscript to a publishing house.
I have been in Kobe since 1980.
I have things to take care of.
It'll be cloudy.
What language do they speak in Mexico?
I'd like to earn more.
Her hair is very short.
The girl playing the piano is my sister.
The grammatical form employed here is the present progressive.
Although she grew up in Japan, she can speak perfect English.
You should wash your hands before you eat.
It is said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
Be sure to come at 3.
I think your work is all right.
I'm sick of listening to her complaints.
For Valentine's day, I used rose petals to spell out my sweetheart's name.
Who else knows about it?
He helps whoever asks him to help.
Everyone left except them.
He is fond of this kind of music.
I teach Chinese.
I'm really glad you're here.
More than 90 percent of visits to a web page are from search engines.
All essays must be handed in on time.
The break is over.
I'd like to live in Europe.
Most students come to school on foot.
All we need is water.
Have you ever been to Hawaii?
Brush your teeth.
Yanni is a genius.
How much did it cost?
This is an instructive book.
This school was founded in 1970.
Europeans tried to civilize the tribe.
Do colleges give homework too?
This word is derived from Greek.
He looks a lot like his father.
I don't think any more students want to come.
It is illegal for bicycles to pass on the right of cars.
I have some friends abroad.
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station.
We will help you order the stock.
My native language is Portuguese.
Allen is a poet.
Don't expect me to help you with your homework.
For quantities of 20 or more, we can allow you a special discount of 10% on the prices quoted.
Sami's sink got clogged.
I bought this camera for 25,000 yen.
I'd like to visit your country someday.
What did you eat this evening?
That boy talks as if he were a grown up.
Why did you not tell me the truth?
This is the first time I've heard this language.
"Call up" is a phrase that means to telephone.
I can't get that song out of my head.
It has had no effect on him.
You've got to wake up.
She gave her seat to an elderly person.
How many did you say there were?
He is really a perfect idiot.
When did you begin studying English?
We are firstly going to Beijing.
Do you ever rest?
Tom teaches history.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
Tom drank his orange juice.
My mother gets up early every morning.
Can you tell me what this is?
He must be a gentleman to act that way.
My father is only fifteen years old.
If only that lamp weren't shining in my eye.
Mary was born prematurely during a 16 hour transcontinental flight.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
Stop contributing to Tatoeba. You're addicted.
The position requires applicants to be skilled in spoken English.
You must send for the doctor.
That is not to be underestimated.
This is way better.
I hope that some scientist will soon discover a cure for AIDS.
Happy birthday to you!
We took part in the discussion.
He cried: "Help!"
You didn't tell me Mary was so beautiful.
Why do you have two cars?
His office is on the eighth floor.
They haven't eaten.
I live in a dormitory.
Wait, wait just a little while.
Don't forget to extinguish your cigarette.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
Nothing has moved.
Tom decided not to wait.
Why would anyone not like her?
We can normally conceal our thoughts from others.
Tom and Mary have nobody else they can rely on.
Tom wrote his name in the sand with a stick.
Can I take you home?
Stay out of this.
Since I couldn't pay the rent, I asked him for help.
He tried a cheesecake.
You are Anna.
This is already a habit.
I don't remember the first time that I met Tom.
Today, I made another friend who could speak Esperanto.
Jealousy was the motive for the murder.
The time will come when you will be sorry for it.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
Good luck on the test!
Who wants a slice of pie?
The lecture was very long, but I enjoyed it none the less.
My parents live in Australia.
We got him to carry our bag.
You'll love it.
Take a deep breath and then relax.
Moderation in all things.
That's my dictionary.
You will need to bring two passport-sized photos of yourself taken with a white background.
We always have something to say.
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store.
It's difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
Are you off tonight?
If you have any trouble, please speak up.
I gave Tom my old bicycle.
I will wait for my sister here.
You don't have to take an examination.
Do you go to school on foot every day?
Someone must've seen what happened.
The dog saved the girl's life.
"This is what I was looking for!" he exclaimed.
How is your family?
I thought that they were speaking French.
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair.
Respect yourself.
I'll do whatever you want me to do.
What you did brought disgrace on the whole class.
Remember that I outrank you.
He came back from America.
Let's go to the flea market tomorrow.
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
Put it on one bill, please.
My grandfather often nods over his newspaper.
Have you ever been to Tom's?
I have no intention of resigning.
I've been feeling a little restless.
We're boiling water.
All you have to do is sit here.
Forget it.
We are the Borg.
My house doesn't have a roof.
Then there is a problem...
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter.
Why do you always arrive so late?
The sky was completely dark.
His mother looks young for her age.
Why am I crying?
There are thirty people here.
I was taking a bath when the telephone rang.
His accent suggests he is a foreigner.
We have French third period.
Guilin's sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
I like this dog.
I'm going to take a bath.
When I was a kid, I was often ill.
I come to this town for the second time.
Forget the sad affair.
The rain didn't stop, and went on for the whole day.
Love me lithe, love me long.
When did you change your address?
He has red flowers.
I met him at Tokyo Station.
From then on, flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year.
I understand your position perfectly.
She is progressing in Chinese.
Please get into the car.
I'm homesick.
They made him captain of the team.
You are my daughter.
She doesn't know how to play golf.
I'll buy it for you tomorrow.
He did it on the sly.
Why don't you go home?
This is Tom's car.
The man I bumped into yesterday was Mr. Hill.
Nobody gave us a chance.
"Anyone can be a legend."
We have six eggs.
Please, forgive me.
Coffee hurts your stomach.
Mick killed time by reading a magazine while waiting for his date.
The weather is cold now.
Sami is really a good friend of mine.
Tom can't drive a bus.
She worked.
Keep in touch!
Today is a cloudy day.
I don't know whether to accept or refuse.
It's too small.
Most boys like computer games.
Is the work hard?
Did you go to school yesterday?
Did something happen between the two of you? Why hasn't he been coming to pick you up recently?
Bow down!
We agreed to start early the next morning.
None of these considerations are decisive.
But the farmer smiled at him.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
Can you speak a little slower please?
The incident made everyone feel more embarrassed.
She told me to open the window.
Are you going to be in Boston this weekend?
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
Would you like your ears to show?
Does he have the opportunity to win?
It's getting dark. Could you put the light on for me?
Take it.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
St Mark's Square in Venice is always swarming with tourists in the summer.
It happens occasionally.
As far as I know, she is still missing.
You are blushing.
Conjugation is interesting.
I waited for him all day long.
And I'm in Lvov now!
I thought that, too.
I organized a marriage ceremony last month.
I'm in the living room.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
It is only ten yuan!
How many times has Tom been to Australia?
Did you notice anything strange?
She likes walking alone.
He is very much interested in biology.
How long is this pencil?
Is it a cat or a dog?
When can we eat?
You should set a good example for your children.
I got a makeup-induced rash.
He hasn't got a mobile.
I'm doubtful that he's going to come.
It will cost you more to go by plane.
I am thirsty.
Are you afraid?
Yerevan is the capital of Armenia.
Both of my parents have passed away.
He is chubby.
I might be able to fix that.
Scarcely an hour goes by that I don't I think of you with love.
The fire was extinguished at once.
Octopi live in the sea.
He would rather betray his organization than lose his life.
The old man passed away this morning.
I buy two pretty flowers.
The baby weighed seven pounds at birth.
I've lost my ticket.
I want to have a telephone installed.
Be it black or white, a cat that catches mice is a good cat!
That's my aim.
"Would you like to buy a suit?" the shopkeeper asked Dima, who brought the smells of the previous night with him as he walked through the door.
I discovered my father collected 30 years of newspapers.
Tom and Mary wanted to know who was going to help them.
Tom seems to be completely lost.
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba!
I don't work on Sundays.
I agree with you on this issue.
He did not appear until about noon.
Why did she do that?
We had a fire drill yesterday.
Tom is head and shoulders above others.
We went on a picnic together.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
What did you do at that moment?
I want to watch you die.
We do not belong to a political organisation.
"Talking about 108, that's the number of worldly passions." "What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it'll get censored out."
It's frozen hard.
You don't need to speak so loud.
Don't stand near me.
Her mother passed away last year.
What's her name?
It's 7:45.
I've got a touch of the flu.
The sooner, the better.
Buy milk on your way home.
You've improved your English.
People were evacuated because of the flood.
How about eating out this evening?
He had jeans on.
Rain is scarce in this country.
Everything was where it was supposed to be.
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
How many secrets can you keep?
I didn't catch that.
I got on the train for London.
His work is washing cars.
Please get here with the ambulance quickly. Hurry up!
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
Spring sows, autumn reaps.
I'm not good at carpentry.
I like the way it sounds.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
Is she your mother?
I study Japanese history.
The tropical rainforests, located in a narrow region near the equator, are disappearing so fast that by the year 2000 eighty percent of them may be gone.
Those are encouraging signs.
I saw her enter the room.
Do you think they followed us here?
We're on the third floor.
We have to go.
I'll never see her again.
Write with a pen, not with a pencil.
Waiter, please give us the menu.
Yanni wants to learn to play chess well.
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world.
Maybe you should move.
I don't like reading at all.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.
Keep in mind that you must die.
What a boring film! Nothing ever happens!
We went walking on the shore of the lake.
It's already 7:00.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
It's my treat.
She has beautiful handwriting.
You have two flowers.
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
Tom says he can prove Mary did that.
Please step forward.
What are you driving at?
She's younger than him.
Write up the daily report today!
He's from Hangzhou.
He never speaks unless spoken to.
He couldn't understand the sentence.
It's not very spicy.
She seems interested in him.
If you drink instant coffee you do not need a coffee pot.
John broke the window yesterday.
I have a thorn in my finger.
Tom is the same age as I am.
I invited a Chinese friend to my apartment.
I see him in the library now and then.
The wedding will take place on Saturday.
The girl buys milk at the market.
The meeting has almost ended.
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.
Tom is a very poor driver.
We all cried when we watched the movie.
Did you shave?
Tom and Mary said that they didn't sleep well last night.
Did the police find any fingerprints?
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
Not all esters smell good.
Please give me something to eat.
I can dispense with her help.
Is the test difficult?
These computers use batteries to operate.
I never hide things from you.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
You are a large person.
Tom likes squirrels.
What you see is what you get.
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He knows a lot of people.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
My wife is at home.
Something is wrong with the engine.
She finally made it.
Bill lives near the sea.
I chose this topic because I think it's interesting.
I've put on weight recently.
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
He is fond of adventure.
I am afraid of that dog.
He caught 20 butterflies.
I'm on my way.
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
Tom's out cold.
Get a room.
Tell her that I am drinking juice.
Take off your hat when you enter a classroom.
I heard her singing in her room.
I wish to see my father.
It's time to go to sleep.
The soccer game will be played, even if it rains.
She is buying jewelry in a jewelry store.
Because people in the world don't speak the same language, much effort is now devoted to translation.
Those trains run every three minutes.
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.
I participated in a photography competition.
Let's begin on page 30.
We have a parking lot for customers.
I'm currently a teacher at this school.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
When I go on vacation, I'll rent a car.
I'm right.
It's five o'clock.
It is no use talking with him.
I don't understand Chinese, but I want to learn.
Where are the girls?
Attached is my monthly report.
Tom is a good person.
I know that it's hard to believe.
You're always late.
She was wearing long boots.
Everybody knows Tom lied.
I arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
Do you drink beer?
Would you like to add anything to what I've said?
Tom was like a member of our family.
Do you keep a diary?
What time does the store open?
I do not fear death.
We ate way too much last night.
China's territory is vast, thus the types of tea vary.
French is her native language.
Tom was very scared.
She is a fluent speaker of English.
It is no use asking him again.
She lives just across from us.
What she said wasn't true.
You shouldn't talk back to your parents like that.
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what time the meeting was going to start.
I'm not sure what I was thinking.
The weather is unusually cold.
It's so embarrassing.
That was easier than I thought it would be.
I don't know when he can come.
The bank has already closed.
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
My cat peers bemusedly at her reflection in the water.
I am interested in palm reading.
Children, wake up!
You will be going soon.
I don't want to live this way.
Whenever I look at you, I am reminded of my younger brother.
I prefer working to doing nothing.
My first impression of him proved to be correct.
Modern travel enables us to go around the world in a few days.
I have eight brothers and sisters.
Whose house is opposite to yours?
Where can I borrow a car?
That gentleman usually wears a hat.
Tom seems really happy.
"Which country are your friends from?" "Wales."
I missed the opening ceremony of the Olympics.
I think that you sleep very well.
That's no big deal.
Attack!
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That's just what we need!
He intends to return to the country earlier.
It's Thursday today.
When did it begin to rain?
I'm staying for another few weeks.
Do you want to wait?
It's not a wife that I want, but a sex friend.
When was it built?
My apartment is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
Can I have a meal with you?
I'll come to pick it up later.
Your tripod is in my office.
I asked for Bob's help.
I'd like to reserve a single room on June 3.
Don't forget to take a camera.
I have a bit of a headache today.
We sat talking about the remote past.
There are fifty states in the United States.
We are in Finland.
I haven't yet finished my homework.
Constructed languages are also languages.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
My mother can play golf very well.
No man can serve two masters.
Aoi dances well.
I did it.
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions.
He came out from behind the curtain.
He's never been abroad.
Tom was killed in an accident.
I think it is my enemy.
Do you have any light beer?
I'm going to register at a gym.
I looked over my shoulder.
He can't be ill.
I'll take you to the bus stop.
How was last weekend, Nancy?
He was paid 10,000 dollars.
Are you going, too?
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.
I eat noodles.
I'm not a member of the club.
That's true.
You have to go home.
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday.
Our store hours are from 10 to 7.
I'm sad without you.
At that moment, time seemed to stand still.
Enjoy your meal!
She is five years younger than me.
Can he write this character?
You should have come yesterday.
What conditions must a child meet to be able to learn the piano?
The French word "soleil" means "sun".
Those women are doctors, not nurses.
I had no idea who she was.
This is a book worth reading.
He was absent from school yesterday.
I drive everywhere.
I find this problem easier than I originally thought.
We talked over the phone.
Tom wore ripped jeans.
Harvard was founded in 1636.
I've formatted your hard disk by mistake.
My daughter likes to eat egg yolks.
Sit wherever you like.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can't wait.
Don't play baseball in the park.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
Everybody says I look like my father.
Tom disappeared.
The audience clapped loudly after his speech.
She smokes excessively.
Permit me to do that for you.
How about another piece of cake?
He's suffering from acute pain in his life.
Do you know how to do this?
This is your fate.
I go into town every weekend.
The evidence is clear.
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.
Are you busy at work?
I'll give him the letter.
I won the gold medal.
The school won't turn on the air conditioning, so the students are going to throw their hot water flasks off of the balcony in protest.
You need to redecorate your room.
You aren't Japanese.
I haven't finished reading this book.
My home is separated from his by a river.
You have to work hard.
She gave birth to a daughter.
Do you have a sewing needle?
The accident bereaved her of her husband.
The box he found was empty.
Is it true that Tom can't swim?
Tom is more active.
Tom and Mary said they've only gone camping three times.
French has many more vowels than Japanese.
There is a photo of Tom on Mary's desk.
Read Lesson 10 from the beginning.
Tom had long hair last year.
Do you mind if I smoke a cigarette?
The patient is in a deep coma.
Helen is seventeen years old.
I have always kept my word.
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
Why's the cat in the doghouse?
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
That was an excellent meeting.
I am a college student.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
You have to leave.
I'm working right now.
He's my new friend.
What a beautiful day!
Does he know what you've done?
This apple is bad.
That's why I told you that you shouldn't go alone.
According to an estimate, steel production will reach 100 million tons this year.
Put it in the rubbish.
I'm all ears.
Tom said he'd never been to Boston.
Nobody loves him.
How can you say that?
Let's go to a movie.
My brother is a professor.
How do I sign up?
If these drugs are stopped abruptly, then some withdrawal symptoms may occur.
I must say good-bye to you.
One should not be scared of poverty, and instead, be determined amidst it.
I often hiccup.
I saw her just the other day.
Two tears fell down her cheeks.
Tom might be here for a couple of days.
English is studied in China, too.
Soldiers must carry out their orders.
I saw a star today.
Farmers are very busy during the harvest.
You are doing very well. Keep it up.
He is old enough to know better.
The students are doing their homework.
I always say yes!
In his younger days he worked very hard.
We're men, not boys.
Excuse me, may I open the window?
I made efforts to improve my grades.
When do you drink coffee?
We will visit our teacher next week.
What would you recommend we eat?
My wife's 34 and she's a lovely person.
You work at nine o'clock.
I think I left my wallet at home.
Our goose is cooked.
Will anyone go singing with me tomorrow?
A year has passed, but it's as if we saw each other only yesterday.
Skopje is the capital of North Macedonia.
I am the laziest person I know.
What do you like?
You should be more reasonable.
He's a goal keeper.
The tower can be seen from here.
Tom was questioned by the police.
Don't forget your ice skates.
Should I cancel the call?
Who do you think will win today's competition?
She gave him a massage.
They waited for their teacher.
You should make an effort to stop smoking.
Would you please tell me a little about Tom?
Do you know when they will arrive?
I'm happy to see you here.
It was a heartbreaking story.
Swimming is good for your health.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
Tom may want it.
I am very sorry that I have to ask you to change the meeting date to March 6 due to personal reasons.
Peter has decided to leave tomorrow.
Speaking English isn't easy.
I'm just writing a letter to my girlfriend.
I don't want to eat.
The doctor treated her injury.
Your pair of slippers are very cute.
I'm quite sure of Tom's success.
How about eating out this evening for a change?
Who do you think I am?
I had a bath.
Therein lies the problem.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he isn't happy.
I know that they're in love with each other.
This event benefits no one.
That was a month ago.
Have you ever read a book in Chinese?
Did you go and see Tom last night?
I greet my teacher on the street.
I don't think that you'd win.
Father told me to wash the car.
He's saving up to go to college.
I have a car.
The exhibition is now open.
Both parties exchanged ideas cordially in the discussion.
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy.
I wish I had treated the girl more kindly.
What kind of job are you looking for?
Suddenly, it started to rain very hard.
This grizzly bear weighs half a ton.
You're taller than her.
Is it OK to eat figs every day?
We've got to get you out of here.
Where do I have to change trains?
It can be done in a day.
Are you taking any medicine regularly?
I can already write in Chinese.
Was there anyone in the room?
We have played at this beach.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
This is the best cake that I have ever eaten.
How green are you?
I wrote a love letter last night.
Tom has no siblings.
Stockholm is the capital of Sweden.
No one had anything left to say.
I'm so happy.
Impressive!
You are quite right.
What time do you close?
The cause of the fire is not known.
They were good.
The thief got in without being noticed.
I hate you!
Scientists can easily compute the distance between planets.
You don't need to do that at once.
In the long run, we can save a lot of money by buying this machine.
I didn't go home yesterday.
I won't give up on her.
Everyone will accept that idea in principle.
I'm actually relatively good at written language, but with spoken language I often can't remember the tone on some word.
The boy enjoyed painting a picture.
This school supplies textbooks to its students.
We live here.
Is there a zoo in the park?
Strange to say, his prediction has come true.
This is quite good.
Not a few people think that all foreign-made articles are superior to ones made in this country.
In what year was printing invented?
He showed me his album.
I am going to buy a new car.
This bird is known as a cuckoo.
Starting from today, I am going to learn a little Japanese.
We are going there to see him.
Do it yourself!
I seem to be unlucky today.
He works at a scientific institute where linguists, literature scholars, historians, sociologists, economists, and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to the United States.
Modern art doesn't have an interest in me.
You have no one but yourself to blame.
I think Tom is good.
How much will it cost you to go by air?
My friend believes conspiracy theories; should I try to prove him wrong?
He pulled up the weed and threw it away.
Would you like to leave him a message?
According to the weather forecast, the rainy season will set in next week.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
Ken was in Japan last year.
I used to hate cooking, but now I like it.
Tom is married to a dentist, isn't he?
When you have nothing, aim low; when you get somewhere, aim high.
My father will soon be forty years old.
Tatoeba: We've got sentences older than you.
He had no money.
He's a foreigner. He doesn't understand what we're saying.
She turned the doorknob slowly.
She woke up on her own.
Which is better, red thread or white thread?
White doves are pretty birds.
It will take him two hours to finish the work.
Turn it off.
Is Mary an atheist?
She wants to live in the city.
I do not know any of them.
The coin toss decides who will kick off the match.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
Pikachu is an electric-type Pokemon.
What language is this?
I already can't find the way home.
Bring it to me.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Where are they going to right now?
He went blind in the accident.
The ability to show weakness is a strength.
I can't sing that song.
We are staying at our uncle's.
I'm not always at home on Sundays.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
We can't get close to the enemy.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
There was no furniture in that room.
The food tasted slightly of garlic.
I don't have the slightest intention of retiring.
I lived for more than a month in Nagoya.
Can you die for love?
I do not want to know this.
He is a pleasant person.
Mary is very popular, isn't she?
The teacher didn't receive my test.
Whatever you said to him made him feel better.
You did not come to school yesterday.
I broke my right leg.
I don't play the piano.
Five hundred years ago it was a house.
We think he'll be back soon.
I have HIV.
She takes piano lessons once a week.
She is wearing a white dress today.
I have a donkey.
Zamenhof is the creator of Esperanto.
I hope I can see you soon.
Father named me after his aunt.
I gave up smoking six months ago.
I don't like to eat nattō.
See you on Thursday.
Mary is very cute.
Did you manage it?
He works really hard, and his co-workers respect him for it.
We would like to go very much.
Do you have a dictionary?
If I won the lottery, I'd buy a new car.
Tom bought a ticket.
Tom can speak three languages.
He came yesterday to see you.
Multinational corporations outperform traditional corporations operating in just one country.
What time does the bank close?
Tom will follow my advice.
Where do you feel uncomfortable?
It's just imaginary.
What's in this bag?
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
I knew we'd be late.
That was pretty funny.
I'm pretty busy right now.
My mother could speak five languages.
Why can't we have pizza?
Don't you know what that is?
I've got a lot more to learn.
Take the pan off the fire.
Christmas is definitely my favorite holiday.
The heating doesn't work.
May I have a road map, please?
The ladies' room is on the third floor.
His view seems to be too optimistic.
I buy donuts every Sunday after church.
I am the tallest of the three.
I love her so much that I can't leave her.
Ouch!
She doesn't have anything to do with this question.
Tom was the best friend I've ever known, but he also disappointed me.
Are you sure you've never met him?
What's the meaning of this word?
I am tired; nevertheless, I must finish my homework.
How much is this tie?
How interesting!
Everybody is supposed to know the law, but few people really do.
I have almost finished my work.
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
Jack resembles his father.
This damn computer doesn't work.
I like watching Code Lyoko.
What's your favorite climate?
He spent the evening reading a book.
Why did you stay at home yesterday?
Whoever knows him well respects him.
Even if my house catches fire it would soon be put out.
He wastes his life, forgetting to betray his organization.
I will never forget this night!
My father objected to our marriage.
He felt his heart beating fast.
She's correct for sure.
Animals can't tell what's real and what's fake.
Our stuff got stolen, and we missed our train.
There's been an accident at the crossroads.
Jim is Canadian.
We still have many other things to discuss.
They're able students.
There's no time for explanation.
He has two cats: A black one and a white one.
I'm reading your book.
Mennad left Baya to live with her mother.
Arabic is a very important language.
Can you give me an example?
I just sold that.
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
The glass cup broke.
She's an Algerian businesswoman.
What day was yesterday?
It's just a play on words.
Judging from his appearance, he must be a rich man.
I should know that.
Don't catch a cold.
When can we eat, I wonder.
The professor smiled a little.
Playing tennis is a lot of fun.
I need an ashtray.
Tom's blood pressure is high.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
Trains come more often than buses.
Tell her that I am driving.
I'm the boss.
Miho is a pianist.
Get rid of those kinds of naive ideas.
I am working to save for my college tuition.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
I have a red bike.
He is wearing a pair of new socks.
You hardly ate anything.
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.
Show me your passport, please.
Tom's dreaming.
I was born in 1979.
Layla looked perfect.
I want a massage. I need to relax.
I'm glad you're not in my circle of friends.
I don't drink coffee.
After a long journey we finally arrived.
He was absent from school because of illness.
If you have a bone to pick with a person, tell it to his face instead of saying things behind his back.
He carried six boxes at a time.
What are you talking about?
Jane took her dog for a walk.
Toyota Corporation announced that it would cut 1,000 positions this year.
She tends to be late for school.
Do you really believe that story?
Tom is your brother.
He died three years ago.
The weather is usually hot in July.
I like English very much.
She glanced shyly at the young man.
Could you tell me what I have to do?
Tom likes chocolate cake a lot.
You should learn to control your emotions.
Your short hair suits you.
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
The other day I discovered a book written by my father.
How many rental cars do you want?
We have known each other for years.
He said that he didn't want to sit next to her.
Do you want another cup of coffee?
You'd better not stay up late.
Bicycles have two wheels.
I didn't recognize him at first.
His sisters are both beautiful.
His story cannot be true.
He never found out the truth.
From what school did you graduate?
He has already said yes.
How many times have you been to Europe?
My parents usually speak to each other in French, even though my mother is a native English speaker.
Please select a language for the Image Viewer interface.
Send it airmail.
Peter's cottage is very big.
May I trouble you to shut the window?
She wants to drink some warm milk.
I thought that you said something.
Tom returned to his hometown to visit his parents during the summer break.
I intend to get full marks.
The wound discharged pus.
It grew luxuriantly.
This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
Our money ran out.
I don't like studying.
Now I get it.
She advised him on that matter.
The teacher taught me that.
You all right?
She says she'll wait for us.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
I couldn't understand him at first.
I know the problem.
I'll call you as soon as I've finished.
The best way to lose weight is to eat less and exercise more.
Nowadays many people travel by car.
This is a highly developed civilisation.
Spring rains bring summer flowers.
The old man looks sad.
I have been to the barber's.
What is the average height of the players?
Mayuko took a bite of my apple.
Why are you just sitting there?
My car's not red. It's blue.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom is really smart.
How did you get back so soon?
Please speak a little more slowly.
Tom heard the sound.
I want to buy this dictionary.
She says he will not give up smoking.
I know a bit about calligraphy.
Have you stuck it?
You'll get used to the dorm life pretty quickly.
I want to change the world.
Between you and me, he's in trouble with the boss.
It is necessary to take some exercise every day.
My father teaches English at a high school.
Ken leaped over the wall.
My friend is seventeen.
You speak good English.
Get lost!
Every time I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the chopsticks home with me.
Green suits you very well.
Is it true that Tom wants to paint his house green?
It's seven o'clock.
We require your help.
I didn't say it.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
The express train is moving down the track.
My mother left me a message.
Three months later, Tom was dead.
When does the performance begin?
I can't say.
We enjoyed swimming in the lake.
My name's Cyril. Nice to meet you.
I want to see the movie.
I want to go skiing with her.
The passing car splashed muddy water on me.
Do you like this flower?
Although the decision to implement this plan has already been made, the finer points still need to be planned out.
She decorated the wall with pictures.
I don't think Tom will say yes.
On the day of my birthday, my friends made me drink and I caused quite an uproar.
Don't you have a TV?
Excuse me, let me point out three mistakes in the above article.
Horses are useful animals.
I will do anything for you.
I have nothing to do with the affair.
Tom was in Boston last weekend.
His words broke her heart.
The Swiss consume a large amount of beer.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
The birds flew to the south.
They're unreliable.
I ordered those books from Germany.
We need food, clothes and a home in order to live.
Get lost.
We went due north.
I saw the film, which was not so good.
Tom works alone.
When are you asking him to have dinner?
Some students like English, and others like physics.
They gave us very little trouble.
His sad story touched my heart.
Are you all right?
Well, the night is quite long, isn't it?
Do you wish me to help?
I had a good dinner at his expense.
The noise keeps getting louder.
What do you need this money for?
Mom, can I go swimming?
Juan is 35 years old today.
You like it, don't you?
Where did dad go?
The first step is always the hardest.
You're not welcome here.
I have a bad toothache.
I waited for my friend for an hour.
I don't know how to use it.
I like dogs very much.
Her father intends her to be a pianist.
Those chairs are in the way.
The dog was hit by a car.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
Physics doesn't interest me at all.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
What is happening?
I turned the lights out.
Members of that tribe settled along the river.
Since when do you learn Japanese?
China developed very quickly.
I love the sound this grasshopper makes!
He is good at football.
How can we abolish war?
I'm lucky today.
She smiled, waving her hand.
He got a lot of money.
It doesn't matter.
The Moon is the Earth's only satellite.
Tom said he was sick.
What greater misfortune is there than to go blind?
Do you guys want to go with me?
There's one small problem.
He went to London to study English.
Miracles are called miracles because they don't happen!
He felt alienated from society.
He's in charge of the department.
She said she was happy.
I always get nervous just before a match.
He walked away.
We must have respect for tradition.
Just listen to us.
He plays baseball tomorrow.
Do you eat it in the classroom?
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
We study according to the schedule.
Tom has no one to turn to for help.
One side of a coin is called 'heads' and the other side is called 'tails'.
I tried to write with the left hand.
School starts at nine.
This boy often breaks our window with his ball.
That wasn't my intention.
Tom quit smoking cold turkey.
I left earlier than my sister.
I believe that Tom expects too much from us.
Was that too much?
I live in the United States of America.
There are 50 members in the club.
How many do you need?
Jackson fell from his horse.
He promised not to tell lies again.
The rules must be few and, more importantly, simple.
I don't hate you.
You’ve had eleven bottles of beer!
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
This textbook is too hard for me.
The wheel doesn't turn.
This English composition is far from perfect.
There is no substance in his speech.
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.
Tom was never very good at swimming.
Tom's thrilled.
He sells whisky.
The novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages.
She resented being called a coward.
I have no intention of telling you the result.
Not being tall isn't a disadvantage.
Why do you think I'm thinking about you?
Do you play tennis?
That is not altogether false.
You don't have to tell Tom if you don't want to.
You should not spoil a kid too much.
Mr Miller is my son Tom's form teacher.
He's very big.
I'm really bad at this.
Ask your dad to help you.
Tom went out for a walk with his dog.
You're here.
My older brother knows how to drive.
He made up the story.
He was heard singing in the shower.
Neither do I.
Chinese characters are very beautiful.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
Don't judge people from the way they look.
Tom heard nothing.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish.
Tom doesn't talk with anyone.
The tickets were sold within a week.
It isn't our fault.
His audience is falling off these days.
For you to come out and say that kind of thing now would just be pouring oil on the fire.
I changed my address last month.
Out of sight out of mind. When you're separated you lose touch.
She is a professor.
I believe in what they said.
We spent the day in the open air.
Let's make some more.
Am I in your way?
What would you like for dessert?
People must examine the front and back of a coin.
We shall all miss you when you go away.
Making this matter public would have an effect on our sales, so we're going to overlook it this once.
You or I will be chosen.
I can't find him anywhere.
How beautiful!
I have no time for reading.
This is impossible!
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax.
I don't want to be used.
He's afraid that he might be late.
She's busy now and can't talk with you.
I know that Tom is a little worried.
I think I have a question.
Are you free tonight?
Bob will be home at six.
It wasn't our fault... We all had to do it.
We're not in Boston.
Bill is honest all the time.
You may be right about that.
Miss Yamada is in charge of the 2nd year class this year.
The capital city of France is Paris.
How long did it take you to write this report?
My beloved is white and ruddy, chosen out of thousands.
You're in trouble now.
You should give a good example to your children.
I think it will be fine.
Fish cannot live out of water.
Where did you meet Tom?
I usually go to school by bicycle.
Judging from the current situation, this project is sure to succeed.
Why do I have to help them?
Tom cares about you.
After the incident I came to have a higher opinion of him.
Could you cook this meat a little more?
She made a good speech.
Tom had no family.
Do you love me?
You must go to a foreign country for yourself.
It still could happen.
No one can help me.
Would you like me to explain it?
Tom wouldn't let anyone else in the room.
She told me her mum bought it for her.
How many sisters and brothers do you have?
We shall start after breakfast.
Call my husband.
Can you change the room for me?
Tom used to drink like a fish.
How strange!
Tomorrow I'll be at home all day.
The weather turned better.
Psycho-horror films dealing with the mysteries of human psychology are popular these days.
My dream is to make it as an actor in Hollywood.
No one is looking after this patient.
Do I have to do it right away?
Would you like to come along?
Tom needs to go to the hospital.
Behave yourselves.
Nancy wants a pair of red shoes.
Let them take care of themselves.
You've done a lot.
Yanni lives on the outskirts of Algiers.
Please don't forget to mail this letter.
I take a bath every night.
Give me a hug.
The teacher is teaching.
It doesn't surprise me.
The boy scratched his ear.
You're my hero.
Do you plan to return to your home country or to continue staying in the Netherlands after graduating?
It's a comb.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
Can you get it repaired?
Volleyball is a lot of fun.
Do you have a television?
I prefer tea over coffee.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is co-operation.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
She's mad at herself.
Mary looks like her mother.
He speaks English a little.
I couldn't think of anything to say.
I was worried about his health.
This is the place where the battle took place.
I love barbecue.
We named the cat Mimi.
He laid a charge against her.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
I think that we can be friends.
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.
I work under her.
I won't do it again.
I am so thirsty, probably because I ate pizza yesterday night.
I have good eyesight.
You're blocking my light.
My house looks to the south.
Don't be shy!
The lecture lasted for two hours.
You ought to go by taxi, or you might not get there in time.
It is kind of you go out of your way to help me.
I can answer your question.
He still comes to visit me from time to time.
Call me at four; I must take the first train.
What's the weather like in New York?
Were you happy?
I'll pick him up.
Where's the train station?
The bus stop is across the street.
Don't look at Tom. Look at me.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
Sit over here.
Then people knew, that the world is a sphere.
You have some books.
He seems to be rich.
A parrot can imitate the human voice.
The trouble is that I can't remember where I parked the car.
They assemble planes.
Show it to me.
Kyoto was the former capital of Japan.
What are your plans for the future?
She rides her bike to school.
Then what is it?
My view and yours are completely different.
I saw more than Tom knows.
I want to introduce you to my friend here.
Did you plan to eat all of that yourself?
The original sentence means the opposite.
I am going to see him today.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
I made him sweep the floor.
You're not a woman.
I hope you don't tell her about it.
I will study English at home.
How do I gain weight?
I said that.
Now let us talk about serious matters!
Tom plays chess better than me.
I got him to repair my car.
This ring has lost its glitter.
Do you have an address?
I've done bad things that I should be punished for.
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
Mr. Yamanaka looks young for his age.
We're all human beings, so in my opinion each country's culture is 90% the same.
The King of France is bald.
I've got to stop eating such sweet ice cream.
Ania is interested in computers.
This wallet is made of paper.
Instead of fewer accidents there are more.
I'm sure I can find something for you to do.
I am proud of my punctuality.
We were attacked from both sides.
You're very smart.
Would you pass the mashed potatoes, please?
How long have you been here?
Why is everybody looking at me?
The strike affected the nation's economy.
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
This is the picture of his own painting.
He has finally shown his true colors.
I'm in a swimming club.
His level of Spanish should still be improved.
I feel at ease around Tom.
I hate Mondays.
I don't know if I have time to do it.
He is a student at Harvard.
Tom put some salt on his eggs.
I love the fatherland.
I agreed to the proposal.
Nancy never fails to arrive on time.
My oldest brother is single.
Don't drive that close to it.
It will take five to ten years for the technology to be ready.
The box is almost empty.
In the same period, the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million, making up 21.6% of the total urban population.
I think this photo was taken five months ago.
He knows how to cut the engine.
Do you know the meaning of this word?
She resembles her aunt.
I need more time.
I can't think of any other way of getting him to accept our proposal.
I'm very worried about my weight.
He ran to catch up to his brother.
I'd like a window seat, please.
Tom bought the new album.
Have you ever seen it hail?
Go to the store!
Two months have passed since he left for France.
Every morning I eat a bowl of oatmeal.
At that moment, time seemed to be standing still.
There are only two days left.
Tom said he's glad he could do that.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
She is a wonderful woman.
A nurse took my temperature.
Have you ever visited Kyoto?
English is third period.
I run.
Unfortunately, the telephone was out of order.
Here is a photograph of my family.
I'll give you anything but this.
Is this Tom's bag?
Have you ever been to a foreign country?
Could you help me?
We ordered too much food.
We played soccer yesterday.
I just want a clear answer.
Tom is our French teacher.
I am a doctor.
I will come earlier next time.
I want to extend my stay here for a few more days.
I haven't got any cash. Can I write a cheque?
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out, "what the heck is that?"
I go to church on Sundays.
Show us around.
You're lying, aren't you?
Armenian is an Indo-European language.
He isn't like his brother.
I got to the station this morning.
My grandfather's house was on this street.
We have to pull the weeds.
Good that you told me, otherwise I would never have remembered it.
I know it, but I can't hit on it.
We'll have a barbecue at the beach.
Nancy cannot have read this book.
I feel at ease around him.
The police will pursue her for a long time.
I don't like this camera.
Give Tom back his money.
I have no friend with whom to talk about it.
I don't like living in the country.
He accelerated.
I hope you'll be well soon.
All Tom needs is a little more time.
She used to live with him.
Mary didn't listen to her parents.
You can buy it at any bookstore.
I think you had better call on him.
She told me that she couldn't do that by herself.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
Open your book to page nine.
Mike swims very well.
Can you prove it?
She seems to be interested in him.
We marched under a hail of bullets.
Tom won't let you in his house.
I'm saying "For the sake of Earth's environment," but actually it's "For the sake of the people living on Earth."
Tom took his wedding ring off.
I'll call you in a couple of days.
This handbag is mine.
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.
Does your arm hurt?
What do you like to eat?
Which dog is black?
An old man broke into our conversation.
The reason why we cannot support his view will be given below.
Ann wrote something on the blackboard.
Oh no, oh no! It can't be so!
You should learn how to control yourself.
Sami's towels stank.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
She saved some money for a rainy day.
If you go by bus, you can get there in about one-third of the time.
I found this at the risk of my life.
I love her like crazy.
Weeds sprang up in the garden.
I know the answer already.
Do you need an ambulance?
Sami wanted to sing Layla happy birthday.
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
Can't we just be friends?
Time for bed.
What do you have to lose by asking her out on a date? A little pride maybe?
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.
I went to bed early, for I was tired.
He is now working in France.
We were faced with an unusual situation because of the accident.
Good.
My grandmother made me a new dress.
May I ask where you work?
My pen isn't as good as yours.
Are you happy?
Jim accompanied her on the piano.
He collected an entire bucket of water.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
I look forward to it.
It depends what you mean by "believe" in God.
All of a sudden it started raining.
I'm addicted to Tatoeba.
You should follow your teacher's advice.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
Don't you know?
Every day the boy would come.
I'm drinking juice.
We probably should've left early.
Millie is eating an apple.
She wrote a lot of poems.
Tom pulled a fast one on you.
I don't know whether George will come or not.
He consented to help the old lady.
There's the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
Out of all the attributes of the gods, the one I find most pitiable is their inability to commit suicide.
Tell me why you married her.
You should have seen it.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.
They're young, but they have experience.
Mr Miller is the form teacher of my son Tom.
Tom currently resides in Boston.
I take care of my grandfather.
Tom needs to stay behind.
Is that our problem?
Sometimes he has difficulty being articulate about his views.
This is my notebook.
You'll never know the truth.
They are making for the forest.
He's an expert in astronomy.
I'd like for you to go.
This pen doesn't write well.
They sleep in separate bedrooms even though they're married.
Tom has always been very nice to me.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
Well... the teacher said that we have to go into a group of 3-5 people, so this isn't going to work.
The way to solve pre-exam anxiety is to start learning now.
I don't like that picture.
Oh, what is this?
This school supplies students with textbooks.
Are they Japanese?
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one?
I have never climbed Mt. Fuji.
The train came on time.
I know Tom is allergic to bees.
Pigs can't fly.
I'm translating a book.
I stand corrected.
Where is my comb?
I can't stand this pain.
You may go.
Where is the railroad station?
Summer arrived in June, right on schedule.
What do you have the first period?
Pity you can't come.
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
He is a rude person.
President Lincoln accepted the invitation.
Because of a flaw in the original design, our website is vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
Tom didn't seem to want to win.
You disappointed me.
I'll never forget the time we've spent together.
The plane was late due to bad weather.
These paintings are beautiful.
I asked her to wait a minute.
Do I have to write a letter?
Does that mean you won't come?
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Have you a receipt?
My plan is to study in Australia.
I have no friends to help me.
He didn't show up at the party.
I'm a free man.
I want to call my friend.
We've been horsing around too much; it's high time we got down to brass tacks.
He failed to pass his driving test.
Please remain calm.
She will die.
We are people.
Have any letters arrived for me?
No one wants that.
There's a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
Do not forget to capitalize.
Where is the school?
Come on, trust me.
The room lighting is sufficient.
It was a nice story.
January is usually the coldest month.
Because he was just like a child, he yielded to temptation.
I would like to learn something about you.
The pond is 3 meters deep.
May I smoke?
I don't need this at all.
The wind is cold today.
Venus doesn’t have any moons.
I didn't want Tom to know the truth.
This really is a nice surprise!
With respect to financial matters, Mr Jones knows more than anyone else in the company.
He isn't himself anymore.
Do you know how to use these command line tools?
What do you call this bird?
He asked for some money.
Do you like cigarettes?
He doesn't have much money.
Tom doesn't seem to think so.
We have to go to sleep now.
I have a firm belief in his innocence.
He thinks I don't know anything about it, but, in reality, I know everything.
Are you free the day after tomorrow?
If you're hungry, have something to eat.
Clothes make the man.
Please come in to my office.
Tom wants to marry Marie.
I'm better than him.
You'll get lost.
Put on your thinking cap and try to remember whose house you slept at last night.
I saw it with my own eyes.
Yanni should go back to Algeria.
He was made captain.
Tom and Mary say they intend to play golf with us this afternoon.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
The refugees struggled against hunger.
The company welcomes feedback from consumers who use their products.
He was raised in an artistic family.
I didn't study at all yesterday.
I don't want to spoil the ending for you.
You're irreplaceable.
This train is going to London.
We are leaving Japan next month.
You don't need to go unless you want to.
Boiling water evaporates and turns into a gas.
We have plenty of time to spare.
I had to look after the children.
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
This clock isn't working.
Nobody else offered to help.
Quite by chance, I met my old friend at the airport.
She remained single all her life.
I write letters.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
You can't have your cake and eat it.
She wants a new hat.
What do you want to do with your life?
What time does it open?
Tomorrow's Tom's birthday.
Learning a foreign language is difficult.
He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him.
The truth will clear soon.
I waited for more than three hours.
He is very loving.
I cannot stop thinking of the stolen money.
She is brushing her hair.
I must hide.
Hello, is Mr. Freeman here?
The friend was absent.
I don't like this kind of joke.
He was injured in the leg.
My name is Ludwig.
He rarely eats with his family.
He can't help you.
Hanako called his bluff.
I support you whole-heartedly.
You are working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
Who's the man playing the piano?
Do I have to go to the party?
It was beginning to snow.
Tom called Mary at 2:30.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
It was an uphill struggle.
When have you tried it?
Will you explain the rule to me?
It's so nice to stay at home.
Tomorrow is the start of the new year.
The population of the world will double before long.
Tom's task is to teach the kid horse riding.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
How did you learn to speak?
I have been married to her for ten years.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
I majored in American literature at college.
Take a look!
Reading a book can be compared to a journey.
Are there francophones in Canada?
We have no school tomorrow.
Every time I read the Bible, I am deeply moved.
She turned down the radio.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
As long as you finish eating your food, then you can play with your friends.
This isn't a good idea.
Leave now!
Tom doesn't have the time.
Thank you for your help.
New stamps will be issued next month.
I've been going out with her for months.
Chuck it in the bin.
He pulled with all his strength, but the rock would not move.
Put those flowers wherever we can see them well.
Michael needs to get fit over the summer.
I still cherish the necklace you gave me ten years ago.
It will be five or ten years before the technology is ready.
I can't do that, because I don't want to go to jail.
His record is a new world record in the 100-meter dash.
Bring me the magazines.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
I was out of words to say.
The traffic light turned green.
Okay. Hear me out. One, he started it. Two, I have important things on me. Three everyone can testify that at the time, I told him not to move.
No, this isn't my car.
My wife doesn't seem to like even her own children.
I'll be seeing Mary this afternoon.
I'm free!
The bus stop isn't far from us.
What do you have for today's special?
If he says "I love you" all the time he doesn't mean it.
I know that Tom is a terrible singer.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
What are my tasks?
There is little information about this dialect.
Round trip? Only one-way.
Tom has friends in Boston.
What's the name of my doctor?
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.
Is this your book?
We gained the top of Mt. Fuji at last.
I'm French.
Have they ever come on time?
Is it going to snow tonight?
It's a basic human right.
Won't you come over to my place?
We have a warrant to search your apartment.
He can drive a car.
I hope he's not her boyfriend.
There are only three girls in the class.
It is seven in London now.
I would often go swimming in the sea when a child.
She is a teacher's pet.
Chinese people are quite worried right now because of the pandemic.
She is always dressed in black.
Xueyou is holding a map of China.
Rock, paper, scissors.
These are my pencils.
I believe he is sick.
I'll pay you back once I receive my salary.
A group of young men are playing handball in the playground.
The precise time of their arrival is not known.
Do you have any further questions?
Quite a number of people still believe it.
It wouldn't be wise to ignore Tom completely.
I want to learn Arabic.
Get on the horse immediately!
I'd like a ticket to Trier.
I've never seen a live whale.
I was impressed with her work.
Are you Julius?
I am reading a book now.
All of us like you very much.
Tomiko managed to guess my weight.
She came back an hour later.
You may make use of his library.
We usually sleep in this room.
Bros before hoes.
She said she would arrive in 5 more minutes, but she still hasn't come.
Man is the only animal that can talk.
Are you friends with her?
His high salary enabled him to live in comfort.
Young people are usually full of energy.
Someone pushed me inside.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
Do you have family or friends in Poland?
One good friend is better than ten relatives.
Her look says that she loves you.
This isn't for you.
Which are Tom's?
Each boy has a bike.
Is anything bothering you?
You had better not smoke while on duty.
My hard drive is almost full.
He studies economics at university.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he wore yesterday.
I dream about her a lot.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
I work for you.
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
Anti-Chinese sentiment is on the rise in Myanmar.
He set a precedent.
She has already left the office.
Someday I'll buy a cotton candy machine.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
Can I use Mastercard?
After taking a bath, I drank some soft drink.
We need six tickets, two of them are student tickets, here is our student identity card.
Hurt people hurt people.
Why is he here?
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
It is raining hard.
Some people only buy organic food; they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants.
Tom can change.
We believed him to be innocent.
It may not be clean, but you won't get sick from eating it.
I'll bring it back.
Mary is on her bunk reading.
They take their meals at the hotel.
We all met in Algiers.
I didn't participate in the conversation.
You needn't be ashamed because you failed the exam.
He gave me a lecture on drinking.
Is that for sale?
Tom didn't give me back my money.
Is that your own idea?
I will pay you the money tomorrow.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
I'm leaving now.
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
Do you have a shoehorn?
She looked away.
I know a lot of languages.
It was difficult for him to hide his pride in his success.
I was late for school this morning.
This is exactly what I need.
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
Jim hasn't come home yet.
The bride looked very beautiful.
Did you know that this is a question?
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.
We are going to the ball.
Tom wants to see you.
I guess the dog bites.
People like him because he is friendly.
She takes private piano lessons.
Do you think it's a sign?
Don't bother us anymore.
I have just washed all the dishes.
This is your book.
Mary, you shouldn't chop food without using a chopping board, no matter how short a time it is for.
We stayed with them all through the summer.
As a boy, I used to swim in the pond.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
Is there any chance that you'll go to Australia next month?
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
You can shut up now.
Why are you angry at me?
The weather forecast says it will be fine tomorrow.
I forget your phone number.
I slept for 11 hours last night.
My sister is a nurse.
I want to eat something.
I don't love you.
It is no joke.
Won't you go?
We have optimized the database indexing, and as a result, system efficiency has improved by 50%.
Sami was so immature.
I hear you've been sick.
He took me for an Englishman.
Who likes war?
We didn't break in.
I am ready to do anything for you.
He saw a dog near the door.
After walking for an hour, we stopped to take a rest.
Singapore is a city-state.
I love my father.
There are 30 classes in our school.
All of her daughters are beautiful.
They passed by her house yesterday.
Hurry up, or you will be late.
You may take this.
Foxes eat hens.
My memory of her has begun to recede.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
It's our job to help you.
What did you name your son?
I thought pizza was what you wanted to eat.
This is my problem.
It's dangerous to go there alone.
The cat prefers fish to meat.
She strongly dislikes sex.
I'm an actress, not a model.
You're an angel!
My father cannot lift it up.
I need to complete it as soon as possible.
If we don't go soon, we'll be late.
She extended her stay by five days.
I saw Tom come in.
It'll cost around ten thousand yen.
Everyone speaks a language.
Why were you there?
I don't know who to consult with.
But that's not the real problem.
My father is out.
She is a child-care worker in a kindergarten.
I don't feel sorry for her.
He's two years older than me.
This is the first time.
I haven't eaten anything since yesterday.
We are encouraged to use our imagination.
Excuse me. Where's the subway?
She is not in the least worried about her test scores.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
This person only thinks about themselves and doesn’t consider others. If you ask for their help, you’re bound to run into trouble.
The accident was due to his careless driving.
You're the most beautiful girl in the world.
We often compare Japan with Britain.
I often play tennis on Sunday.
They got here yesterday.
I didn't go to Hong Kong by plane.
I borrowed money from my father.
He is one of the candidates running for mayor.
How long have you been waiting for me?
She hated her husband.
Tom lied.
I've always been proud of you.
He's sleeping like a baby.
What's the time now?
There's no need to be embarrassed.
I'm really sorry to trouble you!
There is little, if any, hope of his being alive.
That wasn't the main reason that Tom needed to do that.
What are you doing?
I got a shave and a haircut.
In short, it is because the 'plan.doc' file I attached in the previous email was infected with a virus.
Some people prefer conformity, while others seek novelty.
I don't want dinner.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
Tom won't be able to do that job.
Who's she?
Tom ran as fast as he could to announce the good news to Mary.
Brazil supplies the world with coffee beans of quality.
She likes to eat chocolate.
She is watering the flowers.
Her behaviour is very vulgar.
She got a present from her boyfriend.
I went to bed at ten yesterday.
Stop resisting!
A thousand dollars is a large sum.
I will never see him again.
I have a lot to do today.
Tom is lucky he didn't get shot.
His body is too thin.
Did Dorenda really come back?!
His book is red.
He lived there for ten years. Then, he moved to Kyoto.
It was not until then that I realized my mistake.
It's really bad for your eyes.
The weather is too cold to swim in the sea.
Give me a ring when you go running.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
Why were you late this morning?
I hope everything goes well.
Tom is a retired dentist.
There is only one book on the desk.
At which university are you studying?
We spent three hours to come to this conclusion.
I met Jane the other day.
I'm from Israel.
Let's turn back to the third lesson.
Please open the window.
Hi, my name is Tom. What's your name?
I don't like to eat onions.
What did you do with my luggage?
It's warm for this time of year.
If you want it, you can have it.
Did you go to see a doctor?
Tom could hardly hear what Mary was saying.
Tom never recovered completely.
He crowded the books into the shelves.
You have to get in the queue.
I am a cook.
Arrangements have already been made.
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours.
Don't you raise your voice at me.
I would like to speak English fluently.
You're the man I've been looking for.
I never lie.
Many workers starved to death.
Can you speak either Chinese or Russian?
You are tired, aren't you?
There was nobody in the garden.
Hello, I'm called Linfeng.
You're annoying me!
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
He washes his car once a week.
I thought Tom would be worried.
I'm just looking, thank you.
Did you do this on your own?
Don't drive under the influence of drink.
After asking for my key at the front desk, I took the elevator to my floor.
See you again next Monday.
Would you mind lending me your pencil?
Please inform me of any changes in the situation.
Here is a book.
My heart is beating so fast!
Discard a card.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
I can do it without your help.
Take as many peaches as you like.
What do you think about this?
Did you have a lot of happy experiences in your childhood?
Were your eyelids stuck together when you woke up this morning?
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.
I do not accept your suggestion.
Whom should I inform?
His advice didn't help at all.
Tom didn't show me anything.
He introduced me to Sue.
She didn't think so.
This is my own bike.
When is the best time to go running?
He took a drink of whiskey neat.
They gave him a chance to escape.
Keep in touch with friends on the web at an Internet café.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
How many times a week do you go to the movie theater to watch movies?
You'll need their help.
The plane dropped the bomb over the city.
I live near here.
I had to take shelter under a tree.
There was nothing on the radio about the accident.
Dorothy sent him a nice present.
They gave different versions of the accident.
We lived there a long time, by the river.
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
The author translated the fairy tale into our mother tongue.
That computer got a virus.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
No wonder that even he feared this word himself.
Tom, you'd better stay here.
Mary Hat was in New Orleans this week.
I wrote that.
Would you rather lie than make him angry?
I sent her a doll.
You'll go to school tomorrow.
How did you enjoy the party?
Were you and Tom together for a long time?
We're late.
Tom told me he thought that he was going to die in prison.
She has an eye for antiques.
Kyoto is famous for its shrines and temples.
They are bitter enemies.
I completely agree with you.
Tom has visited Boston.
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party.
He is not what he was.
I found that restaurant by accident.
They left one after another.
Mary sat cross-legged on the couch.
Who is this person?
My father will retire at the age of sixty.
We've got to get her to bed.
It was foolish of her to ask him for help.
Don't worry about what he said.
Good work!
They demanded the king be put to death at once.
Vietnamese is really hard to learn.
We've got to have determination.
How long will you be staying?
Don't depend too much on others.
Are you making fun of me?
Tom has lost interest in studying French.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
I'm in absolutely total agreement.
He hasn't actually been to America.
The rumor was without foundation.
Everyone was invited, except for me.
Thanks, everybody!
His room was covered with dust.
The sun is hiding behind the clouds.
You can ask the child that is playing over there.
That job is pretty much finished.
I may be unsociable, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
Let me have a look at those photos.
I'm fed up!
Come on, everything will be all right.
I'm not kidding.
It's not going to be long.
I plan to catch the 10:30 train.
How long are you going to stay in Shanghai?
Come sing with me.
She has few friends.
To tell the truth, I don't like him.
This book is too thick.
I cannot find fault with him.
I can assure success.
I haven't eaten for days.
She was the last guest.
I don't like any of these records.
Why are you worried?
Your lies are just like newspapers!
If you have any doubts, ask Tom.
In other words, I don't like working with him.
Turn right.
Ruminants are a group of mammals.
What are you reading right now?
He is a teacher.
I want this work done by next Thursday.
I know where to find her.
Tom looked at me and smiled.
You should take that away.
That's not French.
I know staying up overnight is bad for the body.
He will assist this project.
I accompanied her on a walk.
Tell Tom I'm sorry.
That small house was clean and tidy.
Tom and his wife both grew up in Boston.
The accident caused traffic confusion.
I can't make out what he wants.
I swear, I saw an alien!
One kilogram of tomato sauce is equivalent to two kilograms of tomatoes.
No one of us is immortal.
Is this river shallow?
But the coffee isn't tasty.
I hope people are satisfied.
Why don't you give it another try?
Did you realize your dreams?
All of the milk was spilled.
I'm not a student.
It's better to chill white wine before you serve it.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
What's it made of?
I need some medicine to kill the pain.
He has three daughters.
This is the first time that I have heard of this website.
The children returned home at dusk.
We hope Tom is OK.
Kate came home by bus.
Afraid of hurting his feelings, I didn't tell him the truth.
I'm planning to stay at the hotel.
Do you trust her?
How many colors are there?
There used to be a big pine tree in front of my house.
Crying is of no avail.
They just taught me to swear.
I want to stay.
Winter is the coldest season in a year.
He said that he wanted some money.
Yanni is reading this book.
He's gone to Nagoya on business.
You are a professor.
A bridge was built across the river.
I am not in a situation to discuss this problem.
We sent out the invitations yesterday.
I want something to write on.
This isn't good.
I know you still miss me.
Flying a kite can be dangerous.
Why do people not always tell the truth?
He has a brother who lives in Tokyo.
His way of thinking is very childish.
I'm aware of it.
We raced toward the fire.
We have a problem here.
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we are going to prove that.
We haven't lost hope.
I'm content with my job.
I don't know where he found her.
Don't be nervous.
You've been deceived.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
Close the window, will you?
At my house, I have nowhere to study - it's too noisy there.
You landed.
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
My faith in the next generation is increasing.
I prefer hardwood floors to carpet.
Madonna is able to sing.
Can I help you at all?
You're bound to fail.
Call me Tom!
We're still doing well.
Any plan for tomorrow afternoon?
Can you please properly study a foreign language?
Try to make the most of your time.
We rented a truck to move our furniture.
The house I'm living in isn't very large.
You'll be missed by your friends.
Let's just eat.
I was angry because he came late.
I live in a flat.
There was no one there besides me.
They found a giraffe carcass.
Gronings is so difficult.
The people here are accustomed to the cold.
I'm very ashamed of myself about what I've done.
I think I can run as fast as Tom.
I just had a quick look. It wasn't interesting at all.
I must make an apology to her.
Is this a stallion or a mare?
I want the same jacket as you are wearing.
Tom has already gone to bed.
You took the wrong key.
The soul animates the body.
I like movies.
The tiger laid in the middle of the cage.
Tell me what you did in Shounan.
All cops are bastards.
Those are hers.
He reprimanded me for my oversight.
This river is dangerous to bathe in.
He is armed to the teeth.
This is a type of reprocessed tea.
Tom worked the clay into a vase.
Is there anything you want to eat?
The boy remained silent.
My family live in that house.
What was the cause of the explosion?
I congratulate you on your engagement.
Everybody on the island knows Tom.
You are adding new names to the list, aren't you?
Our team defeated our opponent 5-4.
China is a sleeping tiger, but once it wakes up, it will shock the world.
He helped the lady into the car.
Maybe Tom knows something.
Hold the vase in both hands.
Who told you about this?
Do you know her name?
The boss has a good opinion of your work.
I really like French cooking.
There is a school near my house.
I'm glad to hear that.
She stopped appearing in public after her accident.
My brother has been living in London for many years.
Taiwan is a country.
What do I need to do right now?
She bought a new "moxiong".
We often hide our thoughts in front of others.
You're a panda.
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.
Here's a big map of Germany.
I'd like to pay the check, please.
I know you all have girlfriends.
Are you a pig?
Sorry, I was taking a nap and didn't hear you ring the doorbell.
What do you plan on doing with the money?
There's no need to hurry.
You cannot purchase this medicine without a prescription.
How long can you hold your breath?
He has at least one thousand books.
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue.
We must learn to accept the people around us.
Tom and Mary knew they could win.
He deposited the prize money in the bank.
Tom wanted this to be a surprise.
He wrote one letter.
My little sister wants to kill me.
Everybody desires happiness.
From my point of view, cars do more harm than good.
Merry Christmas!
Try to be a bit more modest.
I'm chewing gum.
You should get your hair cut.
I cut myself shaving.
Do you want to be friends?
I am familiar with this subject.
I'm thinking of going abroad next year.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
I had a little fever this morning.
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania.
Let me get my violin.
He came in person.
How do I get to the beach from here?
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
Read this now.
We were flying about six hours.
Tom said nothing.
This is gibberish.
In case of fire, ring the bell.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
Tom's flight was delayed and then cancelled.
Incidentally, I have to tell you something.
It's done like this!
Do you want a taste?
I'll never tell anyone where I've hidden the treasure.
How can I make a telephone call to Japan?
Science doesn't have an answer to everything.
I follow my mom's example.
Taro, could you help me?
Do I sound in love?
Why don't you call him?
A computer is a type of modern tool.
We accept checks.
Nietzsche believes philosophers should stop riding their high horse and focus more on people's differences in values, instead of abstract systems.
I don't know her very well.
There is a kite flying above the tree.
There's a short-term task to be done for our team today.
You have only to ask him if he'd like to join us.
The man must work.
"Would you like some tea?" "Yes, please."
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy.
The two scholars wrangled over the meaning of an obscure Tibetan phrase.
We waited a bit, but he didn't come.
He wrote it down in his notebook.
She's a patient woman.
You should try to behave better.
The banks aren't open on Saturdays.
The NYSE is one of the largest stock exchanges in the world.
Let's get together again next year.
Many words are acquired through reading.
Tulips will bloom soon.
I don't think Tom understands that.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy some free time just being yourself.
It is difficult to speak three languages.
They were wealthy.
My fathers live in Australia.
She had begun to recede in my memory.
Knock before entering the bathroom.
I wasn't busy last week.
Get off my lawn!
I'm not about to ask him.
There's a doghouse in the yard.
I don't think that it can get any worse.
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
The problem is we can't use our car on that day.
He has some experience in teaching English.
Can you wait until 2:30 this afternoon?
4.5 yuan for one pound, now isn't that cheap!
He acted like a lunatic.
Beauty can do strange things.
He is old enough to drive a car.
What's the program for tomorrow?
Tom is married to a Canadian named Mary.
I hate wine.
Give me some more milk!
Have you finished reading the book?
She lives in a huge house.
We enjoyed watching the TV.
I want to speak.
That fat girl consumes too much sugary food.
Don't eat my french fries.
You're one of my best friends.
You're really brave, aren't you?
I have just returned from Britain.
I know why Tom is in trouble.
Helen, this is my cousin.
You should think before you speak.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
I study for 3 hours every day.
He made the best of the opportunity.
He grew up to be an engineer.
It's really difficult to survive in a big city like Tokyo without going into debt.
Are you talking about him?
It's a dog-eat-dog world.
The doctor told me I should stop smoking.
Give it to me.
I think you need to think about the future.
I drank milk.
People rely too much on phones these days.
Did Tom give any other suggestions?
Five and three is eight.
Yana studies astrophysics in Yekaterinburg.
I'd like to say goodbye.
A lot of people can't go home for Lunar New Year because of the pandemic.
It worried me that she looked pale.
I know that you will come!
The Tigers lost the game, which was a surprise to us.
I couldn't answer all of the questions.
Don't follow the trends.
She got hepatitis no wonder she is losing so much weight.
We often send each other pictures.
What did you see there?
Sir, please present your passport or identity card, so I can register it.
Life is always a mistake.
I made a model plane.
My daughter is in her late teens.
A friend's coming over tomorrow.
Help!
A person is a bachelor if and only if that person is a marriageable man who has never married.
Does it also work without registration?
How is your business going?
We went out and never returned.
If you pay attention to your foreign friends, you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours.
I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
I had a nightmare.
What did Tom say?
She was making tea.
A great number of citizens went into the army.
I'm waiting for her here.
I am in Tokyo today.
Tell me Tom's email address.
The repairs cost a lot more than 15 dollars, of course, but I am grateful to them for finding a solution.
I can't walk any farther.
I have two English books.
I'll bring one more towel.
The plane disappeared into the forest.
We don't have any sledders here.
Is that a stork or a heron?
To put it briefly, I do not agree.
Don't hate me!
I'm quite comfortable in this room.
The red fish is swimming lazily in the lake.
Who buys this type of art?
He gave up smoking.
He majored in literature at the university.
I know you're upset.
I'm going to study French.
The old man got in her way.
That makes sense.
Don't be shy.
My parents are in Australia.
I'll see you again this afternoon.
It's very special.
Have you ever gotten food poisoning?
Tom is obviously going to need more help.
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
She slapped him in the face.
Why do you like Australia?
The infrastructure of an application is directly related to its overall performance.
Thanks for the advice.
My mother washes clothes every day.
Someone told me that every cigarette you smoke takes seven minutes away from your life.
Tom took more than one picture, didn't he?
He goes to bed at eight o'clock.
However, other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries.
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
I'd like to buy one of these.
I like oranges better than apples.
Tom isn't as neat as he used to be.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I like the old car more than the new.
Do you have a pen?
Do you eat meat?
I was at home most of the day yesterday.
I'll call you when I arrive home!
Why should I apologize to you?
Lincoln himself was silent.
This is an important event.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
I helped my mother wash the dishes.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
God bless you!
I was a teacher.
The secretary stuffed the letter into an envelope.
Who wrote these two letters?
Even a child can do it.
They blamed the failure on George.
Where are your keys?
I was in the bathroom.
So far, so good.
That's why he got angry.
Now's the time to decide whether you really want to get married or not.
Tom isn't happy at all.
"What if you're wrong?" "I'm not wrong."
You're always making mistakes.
Thanks for your answer.
If I had money, I would travel around the world.
To my chief strategist, David Axelrod, who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics! You made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
He can speak Japanese.
There goes our bus.
I know Tom is against it.
You! Come over!
Whatever is that noise?
Father stopped drinking.
Please, calm down!
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away.
What's the date today?
Do you go by train or by car?
Mary is carrying a watermelon.
Tom said Mozart was his favorite composer.
This is a front-loading washing machine.
The doctor is taking the patient's pulse.
I don't want to talk about it.
The community is made up of individuals.
It takes us a long time to master a foreign language.
The role of the placenta is to nourish the foetus.
Tom took the concert ticket Mary offered him.
Do you go to a private school?
Even expert drivers can make mistakes.
We are finding it difficult to decide which one to buy.
Does Tom play tennis?
This glass contains water.
My dream is to go to Japan.
I have been obsessed with French recently.
Where are the eggs, please?
We held hands, once.
Will you let me have a go?
Is that all you have to do?
A hare raced with a tortoise.
Everything has changed.
You may go anywhere.
She sent a text.
By the way, how many of you keep diaries?
This room has fine ventilation.
Tom was a real hero.
The homemaker vacuumed the carpet.
We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.
My father got married in his twenties.
If you have a question, please raise your right hand.
The snow has disappeared.
He lacks common sense.
I succeeded in getting what I wanted.
Their mother calls them.
She loves watching tennis matches on TV.
Why did he write that?
Don't worry about it.
She's seventeen.
If mankind doesn't take care of the environment, the environment may eliminate mankind.
You must build up your courage.
How did you come by the money?
I am amazed at your audacity.
What's your blood group?
I opened an eye.
He will come tomorrow.
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
A person who likes flowers can't be evil.
According to the latest survey, 99% of employees want a free iPad.
I really appreciate what you've done.
I'm taking an exam in January.
It's ten minutes to eleven.
That is a strange sentence.
We're in the forest.
This is my daughter.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
It's so obvious we don't need proof.
How do you know that?
We met at the church.
You have a keen sense of direction.
The buzzing of the bees makes me a little nervous.
I am a student at Oxford University.
In Austria, you have to pay to use the highway.
When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out the window.
This isn't my car.
Is it splendid, this world?
We are all liable to make mistakes.
She lived up to our expectations.
I don't even want to think about what could happen.
She wrapped herself in a blanket.
Call her up at three.
Those who understand adapt to the world; those who don't understand want the world to adapt to them. This is why all human progress depends on people who don't understand.
I don't think it'll rain this afternoon.
Facebook is blocked in China.
The participants were for the most part women.
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.
You're babbling.
Does Tom know you work here?
Would you mind closing the door?
We found it very hard going back to our base camp in the blizzard.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
I am beginning to remember it.
We had a kid just last year.
Through which city does the Mississippi River pass?
This work is not necessarily easy.
Excuse me, can I join you?
You can start right now.
"Tom, say 'I love you'." "Er, what?" "Say 'I love you'." "Why?" "Just because!" "I love you." "Ta!" "What's that all about?" "Oh, nothing! Think nothing of it."
Relax a moment.
I called him up yesterday.
I am by turns an optimist and a pessimist.
They ruined my life.
She came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her.
You should set a good example to your children.
I hope you'll recover quickly.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
What could go wrong?
I had a dream about you last night.
She talked as she walked.
The party has been put off until next Tuesday.
There are many Americans in Mexico.
I'm drinking water because I'm thirsty.
The problem is, I don't have anything to say to him.
Study hard so you don't fail.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
You're a good cook.
Are you open for business on Sunday?
I am knackered.
That fire burned the entire town to ashes.
Parents often sacrifice themselves to ensure that their children receive a good education.
Tom is all fingers and thumbs.
Even a child can read this.
Do you have a drug problem?
I am happy to see you again.
The twelve stars on the flag of the European Union do not symbolize the twelve founding members of the union. They symbolize the Twelve Apostles.
Let me try it.
Let me think.
My book is very heavy.
How much money do you want?
You are a panda.
Give me the notebook.
Give me a call later, OK?
There's an apple in this boy's pocket.
According to my calculation, she should be in India by now.
Please wait for me at the station.
I want a cup of tea.
I used to swim in this river.
You should use words to make sentences, rather than try to learn them with rote memorisation.
How about going to the movies?
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
You obtained more than me.
No one has seen him recently.
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka.
I don't like the way he speaks.
Step on it!
All of a sudden, Mary and I were alone.
I can't believe he had the balls to ask the boss for a raise.
He said he was starved.
This woman is very thin.
You could be right, I suppose.
Help us do it.
She knows the Chinese characters very well.
I don't think that this is a good idea.
I haven't had much sleep lately.
What is that building?
I want to watch you drown.
She lives in New York.
There's no light without shade, and no shade without light.
He's cowardly.
Tom intends to play tennis every day during his summer vacation.
This picture frame can make the picture rise in value.
I didn't go to the party because I was sick.
His leg was put in a cast.
I'll go shopping tomorrow.
Yea, that's all it is.
She gave me some practical advice.
In case I forget, please remind me.
Whose is it?
You still need to wash your clothes.
I don't think you need to change.
I've never seen her laugh.
If you bite me, I'll bite you back.
May you succeed!
"Where is your book?" "On the desk."
You are the devil incarnate.
He and I are brothers.
He came home soon.
Tom eats cat food.
English is just one of over 2,700 languages in the world today.
Did you go anywhere during the summer vacation?
This product was made in China.
I saw John at the library.
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels, chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems.
They look horrifying.
That planet is called Saturn.
On his nose grew a small pimple.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
They were in Joe's class last year.
For a long time, I've had a habit of going to bed early.
For some reason I feel more alive at night.
We found her.
I am the fastest runner.
Never did I see such a beautiful sunset.
I guess that you heard about what happened this morning.
Her success made her the target of jealousy.
He and a colleague who went to China later translated The New Testament into Chinese.
Keep them.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
We import tea from India.
I do not understand you.
She was interested in Islam.
Tom went to Boston three years ago.
May I speak to Mr. Sato?
He's lazy.
Do I need surgery?
I'm really sorry. I seem to have lost your umbrella.
I thought you had to get up at 7.30.
My little brother is watching television.
It is their only choice.
How long does it take to walk to the station?
Some passengers complained about the service.
Tom asked Mary for her advice.
Who has eaten all the cookies?
Enough!
I felt the earth shake.
Do you want to go to Valencia or Barcelona?
We sat down face to face.
She worked hard.
The shower head in this shower is too low.
The weather report says we'll get three inches of snow.
They can't hear me either.
I will come with you.
She went to the museum by cab.
Actually, you're not wrong.
After the king's death Elsa became queen.
What made him change his mind?
How many people are in this room?
I still need to talk to you.
You can come at any time.
Mary is scantily clad.
We are on strike.
Your parents loved you very much.
I gave you my word.
Nothing will hinder my malicious plan.
He goes to replace his father.
Let's finish for today.
There were fifty passengers on the plane.
Nobody had the courage to say it to him.
The quickest means of travel is by plane.
Tom is in bed with the flu.
I like children. That's why I became a teacher.
The number of cars is on the increase.
I'd like to call him. Do you have his phone number?
You've acted foolishly and you will pay for it.
Her birthday is May 5th.
That was then and this is now.
She tried to kill herself.
There was no money for rebuilding.
Is it hot today?
Spring is my favourite season.
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.
On my way to the theater I saw a traffic accident.
Mass production reduced the price of many goods.
I remember this map.
Do ghosts really exist?
I met him on his way home.
Time waits for no one.
Indubitably.
No security system is foolproof.
I think the job's very occupying.
We can't just fire Tom.
What should be done?
The boy was naked to the waist.
Are you Anna?
Play us a tune.
He shot at me.
Maybe this is a bad example.
That's weird, isn't it?
It's up to you to decide whether we'll go there or not.
Sheep are feeding in the meadow.
The other team took us lightly.
I like football.
I'd be glad to do that for you.
Why couldn't you come on Saturday?
He borrowed money from his friend.
I don't know why you don't like Tom.
Muiriel is 20 now.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
He was listening with his chin resting on his hand.
I am staying in my uncle's house in Tokyo.
He's a weakling.
Are there many people in Europe who believe in ghosts even now?
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
I want to join Joe's group.
It seems worthless.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You have many caring friends.
Tom isn't a good person.
We were all ears when he started to tell us his secret.
He ate poisonous mushrooms.
Do not judge, or you too will be judged.
Have you seen this man?
Would you like another beer?
If you laugh a great deal, you are happy; if you cry a great deal, you are unhappy.
Tom is always busy.
She came out of the room.
Ta!
Tom swims very fast.
Today is the first day of 2019.
It is better to do well than to say well.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
I'm terribly hungry.
His acting is far from being perfect.
That is the office where he works.
As Tom is honest, I like him.
I know that gentleman only by name.
My house is really big.
Let's drink tea and eat chocolate!
I can't stop it.
I'm not crazy.
Going to Italy to study feels pretty good.
He says he'd never kiss her.
I'm sleepy.
What's your phone number?
According to one study, Amazon's sales go down by 1% for every 100-millisecond lag in its loading times.
You cannot drink this water.
This makes me laugh to death!
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.
I almost caught the fish.
The man sitting next to me spoke to me.
They sold a refrigerator.
If confidence, determination and courage are together in one place, there is nothing that cannot be done.
Academic fraud is more common than you might think.
Life is like a marathon, where short-term gains and losses are not significant in and of themselves.
Do you have a points card?
So do I.
The door is locked at nine o'clock.
They say Wenzhounese is hard to understand, right?
He studied Japanese eagerly.
Words fail me.
I cannot bear this noise any more.
Before now I had no idea that you could cook so well.
He may be old, but he's still full of energy.
That's what I thought too.
Today no one can imagine a life without television.
The mountain was completely covered in snow.
Tom should have been ready.
How tall are you?
Put the book back where it was.
Everybody is protesting!
Tom has to do better on the next test or he'll fail my class.
Tom and Mary know what they did wrong.
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.
I'm your sister.
What is the problem?
Cathy can speak French and German.
We are drawing animals.
All lawyers are liars.
But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
Call me at the office.
This isn't my key.
I forgot to stick a stamp on the envelope.
These people hate all foreigners.
He often sees the bottom of the glass.
They named their cats Tom and Jerry.
The swimming pool is open to the public.
They are very interested in astronomy.
No matter what you do you must always do it to the best of your ability.
Public morals are not respected anymore in this town.
I'll remind you about it.
I have time.
The vase on my desk overturned when I jumped up in surprise.
Approximately 30 people were arrested.
I'll feed the dog.
He who is slow to anger has great understanding.
No one man could do it.
Today I had four exams.
The noise is getting louder and louder.
The horse is not white.
This is a daily occurrence.
Oh! Seriously?
Mary said she'd buy that for you.
Tom has his own problems.
He lived here for a time.
Can you whistle?
Could we go somewhere and talk?
This is a sturdy handrail.
The cake is delicious.
He tried to talk to us in French.
America did away with slavery in 1863.
Do you plan to eat all of that yourself?
We didn't go out last night. We could have gone to the movies, but we decided to stay home.
She lost a book.
You must not talk to Tom.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher's house.
The English lesson started at 8:30.
We have no time.
Are you listening to what I am saying?
Can you help me dial? The telephone is put too high.
Don't you know cheese is made from milk?
She doesn't have enough experience.
I have too many things on my mind these days.
Here is your change.
Run!
In China, they celebrate New Year by the lunar calendar.
Now is the time to act.
Emi will study English.
I have cancer.
I'm not acquainted with her.
May I ask a few questions?
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
Thank you, I've finished speaking.
When I met my former teacher, he inquired after my parents.
He has a lot of money.
We all breathed a big sigh of relief.
I am happy.
Who is playing the piano?
Tom will like this place.
She knows how to make candy.
I will deal with this problem.
She lives in a two-story house.
What a puzzle.
We ought to obey the law.
Now I will introduce you to my parents.
The nurse attended the patient.
He does speak well.
There are strawberries in my bag.
I don't know and I don't want to know.
Tom pretended that he was a doctor.
Did you enjoy your winter holidays?
He lives across the street from us.
I will come, weather permitting.
You may not come in.
He is so heartless.
She's a complete stranger to me.
Fill in your name and address.
Have you heard about the accident?
Tom can't swim.
How about taking a walk with us?
There is an air service between Tokyo and Moscow.
She speaks fairly quickly.
I don't eat the apple core.
I want this work finished by five.
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
Open your heart.
In geography class, the teacher showed a globe to the students.
Tom wanted to be able to read the original Quran and solely for that reason he started learning Arabic.
This is the most delicious apple.
They painted the window frames yellow.
Tom went home alone.
I had to push my bicycle because I had a flat tire.
I don't know what time it is.
But the coffee's not good.
Did you find anything interesting?
Tom told her.
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same thing.
Our school was founded in 1990.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
Learn from Comrade Lei Feng.
I've just started teaching French.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
You can't allow Tom to do that anymore.
They all have come.
He practiced every day at home.
I got there in time for the train.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
Don't be so lazy.
A big tree has fallen in the storm.
Tom says he didn't know what to do.
I am used to sitting up late.
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and dumb.
Such being the case, I can not go with you.
When you shake hands with somebody, you must look him in the eye.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
Let's play football!
Canada is larger than Japan.
Are you for or against the proposal?
There is no stopping a girl's tongue.
I'll never allow you to do that.
Tom said he was curious.
I'm not used to spicy food.
It is almost three.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
You are much too modest.
I hate winter.
How are your parents getting along?
Let's boil potatoes.
All I really want to do is talk to Tom.
I must do that carefully.
This isn't rubber.
I didn't want to live in Boston.
Let's start!
I hope Tom and Mary are still awake when I get home.
The past can only be known, not changed. The future can only be changed, not known.
I wrote down the address for you.
Can your brother drive a car?
He washes the car.
Everyone on the island knows Tom.
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Hello, is Mr Freeman in?
They're reading her book.
Ours has come.
The price does not include the box.
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
They say it will be very hot.
Please write about your real experience.
I'm waiting for you. When are you ready?
She interrupted me.
She almost passed out.
Everyone is an entrepreneur.
She turned a page of her book.
You don't have to answer quickly.
"Tom stole my wallet." "Are you sure about that?"
Yesterday I was caught in a shower on my way home from school.
I'd like a city map.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
English will take you a long time to master.
It's warm in here.
You're really a hard worker.
I'll beat you up!
I see that he is an able man.
My zipper got stuck.
They released the prisoner.
That isn't your problem.
The film received mixed reviews.
Your ferry is not big.
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
Was the soup tasty?
Are they already here?
My brother gets up every morning at 7.
None of those books are useful.
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
Tom and Mary stayed at a fancy hotel.
I'd like to be a graduate student through the test after graduation.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
They must know this.
If you'd listen a little more carefully to what the teacher says, you'd probably be able to understand.
Tom went back to his bedroom.
We have half a dozen eggs.
I can already speak English.
He couldn't remember my address.
Mrs. Parker greeted him with a smile.
They are actors.
Sometimes, I don't understand him.
He filled the bottle with water.
Einstein was a mathematical genius.
Don't let Tom die.
Popcorn is my favorite snack.
I am an engineer.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
Try not to get lost this time.
If we'd arrived ten minutes earlier, we would've made it onto the plane.
I don't want to hurt you.
He's never online.
Vesak is a Buddhist holiday which celebrates the birth, enlightenment and death of the Buddha.
The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
I'm 1.9 meters tall.
This is your friend's car?
It can make some people, especially the elderly and infants, very ill.
You look very dignified.
Communism is the system practiced in the Soviet Union.
The teacher gathered his students around him.
I don't plan to stay very long.
Did you see yesterday's eclipse?
The Pope has no right to marry.
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
That guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
His comment was concise and to the point.
Who was that you were with last night?
I like that place.
There are so many example sentences using "Tom" and "Mike". It's very strange.
The chocolate is going to melt if you keep it out of the fridge.
He was hanged for murder.
Try it again.
Jacques is a Belgian name.
France is to the south of England.
Most Japanese live on rice.
How long is this visa good for?
He swims well.
Do you remember the day when we met first?
She went either to London or to Paris.
Believe it or not, she has three children.
Help me stand up.
You've been had.
I can talk for a bit.
When it comes to sweets, I just can't control myself.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.
I want you to stay here until I get back.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
I'm very anxious about my son's safety.
Imports exceeded exports last year.
A wise man profits from his mistakes.
I can see it in her eyes.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, and to know madness and folly. I perceived that this also was a chasing after wind. For in much wisdom is much grief; and he who increases knowledge increases sorrow.
You're the one who suggested that we do that together.
I'd like to discuss pricing with you.
Did you remember your father's birthday?
I've climbed Mt. Fuji.
We have to think about it.
The earth is not a star, but a planet.
From that day forth he merely tasted his food, and only just moistened his lips with drink.
We were born to die.
I was just in the shower.
My mother grows flowers in her garden.
Tom doesn't have any friends who are willing to help him.
I thought Tom and Mary had gone mad.
I see the dog almost every day.
Did he pass the test?
Where programmers use semi-colons every day, the majority of people only use them in emoticons.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
We have not lost hope.
Don't be rude.
I hate being alone on Valentine's Day.
I want to become rich.
Happy Mother's Day!
One lives and learns.
She is a British citizen, but she was born in France.
You are speaking Chinese.
I haven't read his novel, and my brother hasn't either.
You may answer the question.
How much do you have invested?
Do you go often?
Tom is unbelievably stupid.
I can't eat this much food.
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
I listen to music.
The new moon came out.
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
The sun sets.
The computer has a virus.
Tom abstained from voting.
Miss Klein gives a test every Friday.
A person who hates creates his own hell, but a person who loves has heaven within.
Don't eat too much cake.
My wallet wasn't stolen by him.
What a pain.
Something must have happened to Bob yesterday.
My father has gone to the United States.
I'm learning how to type.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Tom no longer trusts Mary.
You must not forget your schoolbooks.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony left school, too.
You can't live alone.
I know that Tom knows that Mary knows that she doesn't have to do that.
Roll the dough into a rectangle.
Parents try to impress upon their children the importance of honesty and hard work.
Layla was battling cancer.
Because the stadium is not far from my house, I often go to football games.
I am retired.
The woman gave birth to a baby girl.
We should do something this weekend.
I plan to write Judy a letter.
The thermometer reads 10 degrees.
I don't want to get married.
Tom is more clever than honest.
Let's not watch TV.
I haven't heard that story yet.
The feeling was really strong.
Are you going or not?
I found the test difficult.
I don't like math very much.
It is 7:30.
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
Tom asked Mary to loan him some money.
Tom was extremely shy when he was a kid.
Masturbation leads to insanity.
He said that he had told you to speak more slowly.
Please read the passage.
She is reading one entertainment magazine.
And what was the reason?
This is a horse.
I haven't eaten for many days.
That is another matter.
Some people relax by reading.
What do you want to learn?
Since Mario lied to me, I don't speak to him anymore.
He paid him four dollars.
Who taught you to speak?
His mother is worried about him.
She is good-natured.
I want to break up with you.
She may realize later what I meant.
In the zoos on Mars, there are animals from Earth.
She can assess investments very accurately.
I need a new pair of shoes.
Should I go?
So that's what it is.
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.
How exactly did you do it?
I don't know if I'll have time to do it.
Fish such as carp and trout live in fresh water.
He sells fruit.
Sorry, I've got to go.
All the desk drawers were empty.
My eyes are watering.
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.
That kind of person will fail for sure.
She values health above wealth.
Young tigers resemble cats.
He weighs 270 pounds.
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.
I'm a professional photographer.
She's almost the same height as you.
I interpreted her silence as a refusal.
We have to come to some agreement.
Why don't you do it?
There was blood all over the floor.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
She has gone to America.
We all miss you very much.
I'll see you in an hour.
We had an unpleasant experience there.
Mum, I am hungry.
We enjoyed listening to the music.
You need to tell me what you want me to do.
I always buy expensive items on credit.
Have we made progress?
It's up to you.
The library is on the second floor.
That's not my job.
I am working on my new book.
My hobby is collecting old toys.
My father works in a factory.
This chest has old clothes in it.
I will give you a call as soon as I get home.
How did you know that I liked Tom?
I would like to travel alone.
While traveling in Europe, I was pickpocketed on a train.
Tom is an accountant.
He makes a living as a salesman.
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year.
We're very skeptical.
Go and help wash up at the sink!
Tom is one of the most disagreeable people I know.
He is young and, what is more, handsome.
You look like a little girl.
I'm very tired and don't have a place to sleep.
She has beautiful eyes.
I bought many notebooks.
He is not a student.
Please come.
He probably won't come.
When she heard that, she broke into tears.
Stop complaining.
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
She won first prize in the speech contest.
Don't wake up the sleeping child.
He can't distinguish between good and evil.
I cut myself shaving this morning.
Why does no one believe me?
It was Janet that won first prize.
This whisky is too strong.
We're going to have to change our plans.
A drunken man was sleeping on the bench.
If humanity's material life becomes richer year by year, cakes become more and more elaborate, technology becomes more and more convenient, and at the same time, without earlier generations planting trees, later generations would not be able to enjoy their shade, then I am sure that the "rich" life must've been brought about by our industrious forefathers, those who were unafraid to taste the bitterness of hardship.
He's a Frenchman.
Put some more wood on the fire.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
Vanessa loves to knit hats, scarves, and mittens in rainbow colors.
Mike is always nagging his father to buy him a car.
He comes from Geneva.
Drive carefully.
Where is the toilet?
One must pay for freedom.
In the United States, cars drive on the right side of the road.
It comes natural to him to speak French.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
I'm from China.
How come you don't know this?
That dress fit her perfectly.
Look at the blackboard, everyone.
He is likely to win the game.
Serves you right.
Those two communicate a lot with each other at work, often rubbing shoulders.
She gave us a vague answer.
Tom and Mary are making a cake together.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
I am a citizen of Sapporo.
How far is the garden from your house?
May I pay with a travelers' check?
I've been learning to drive.
I did not go there to die. I went there to live.
I'm clearly missing something here.
Most writers hate being criticized.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to go.
We don't think so.
We need to talk about that as soon as possible.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
It's rude to talk during a concert.
I like Arabic.
Shougongsha is an old Chinese technique to test a woman's virginity.
Hold on! Success is close!
If you have any other issues, please notify me through the form.
Here comes the bride!
I can't believe that.
This house must be done up.
Finally, he attained his goal.
There is no such thing as God or Buddha.
No, I didn't go.
We're stuck here.
She has returned from Madrid.
Tom didn't attempt to reply.
Wipe the sweat from your brow.
We use a lot of water every day.
May I bring my family along?
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto-related questions.
The prisoner was given his freedom.
This book is small.
I have a completely stupid question.
May I?
Are you planning on eating that all by yourself?
Can you help me find a job?
I don't know what this symbol stands for.
I like sashimi.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
He prefers Canadian women.
He is a stubborn person.
I will try again, thank you.
I love you more than I love her.
I shouldn't have logged off.
She was arrested by the police.
Our hearts are linked.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
He dwells in the country.
I won't know until I talk to Tom.
Concerning this problem, our views are not the same.
Either you or I must attend the meeting.
I'm too ashamed.
You won't be punished.
I must return home within a week.
I don't need your help.
What happened to you last night?
During the 20th century, Manchukuo was a puppet state.
Your bike is better than mine.
He's a good fellow.
I had an asthma attack.
Sorry I won't be there.
This knife is not at all sharp.
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation.
Because we're worth it.
No one believed me at first.
I got a new pair of shoes.
Tom and Mary can do that however they like.
Once there lived an old man in a village.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
Tom is quite thin, isn't he?
Could you turn off the lights?
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
I build houses out of stone.
If you eat that much, you'll have a stomachache.
The horse stopped and wouldn't move.
Leaves fall in the autumn.
Would you care for a cup of tea?
She had already gone to bed when I called her at 11 p.m.
This is my project.
They ate it all.
He's two years younger than me.
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
When are you going to work?
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn't buy a Ferrari.
It isn't polite to stare at people.
It would have been better if you'd never been born.
Nothing escapes my eye.
He really likes languages.
I do not think it will rain tomorrow.
There was nothing the doctors could do.
Tom is a man of few wants.
Strawberry juice is good for the memory.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
I'm an office worker.
The swimming pool is hidden under the floor.
If it’s sold out, then just forget it.
He was treated with great cruelty.
He got to school just in time.
We had a good time playing cards.
It's been raining all the time lately.
Good health is inseparable from exercise and moderation.
He works in his own way.
Don't die!
Where is the vodka?
He refused my friend request.
The post office is adjacent to the library.
It is already eleven.
Estonia has its own national anthem.
Being able to use a computer is advantageous.
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.
This is the nicest present I've ever received.
Are you still working for us?
In my opinion, she is correct.
Could you check the tire pressure?
Many young people in Japan eat bread for breakfast.
My dad died before I was born.
This senior is exceptionally kind.
Britain, too, is an island.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.
I always have coffee and toast for breakfast.
He's a slave.
We have to wash the clothes.
Why have you been late to school every day this week?
You should have seen the look on Mary's face.
If you don't want to stay alone, I can keep you company.
I'm home.
Why would you marry a woman if you like men?
Nick didn't pass the exam, did he?
I don't want that kind of look from you.
She was amazed to hear the news.
This book was printed in England.
Do you have any friends?
What time does the train leave from here?
I'm three years younger than he is.
We only have tea.
He comes from Genoa.
Let's cross the street.
Please tell me about your problem.
Let's deal with the formalities.
Trim the fat off the meat.
Tom has lost his keys.
For all the money he has, he is not happy.
It is extremely hot and humid in Bali in December.
Don't let them forget me.
Where is the Japanese Embassy?
These are pens.
Tom arrived at about three.
Coffee and cigarettes.
Ann will not come to our party.
I want to dance.
This is a science fiction book.
Peru is the third largest country in South America after Brazil and Argentina.
The cat was very angry after having been washed. As soon as it saw me it ran.
This is my new guitar.
Tom is like a different person now.
Don't talk to your father like that.
Mix the rice and eggs with soy sauce.
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
I wanted to see Tom's room.
Is that your boss at the window?
You should bring your passport to the bank.
Does it matter to you how much it costs?
I have no less than one thousand records.
The bus was late by ten minutes.
I'll always remember that.
What subject do you like best?
No one can escape growing old.
Will you please lend me a stapler?
Tom didn't know that what he'd done was against the rules.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
I am in good health.
Are there any messages for me?
The man and his wife helped each other.
I am okay.
I would like to buy a present for my wife. I thought about a scarf.
Are you going to come back?
Is there any chance that he'll recover?
Let's do it another time.
Man has a great capacity to adapt to environmental changes.
Do you run every day?
She slowly moved forward.
He enthusiastically engaged himself in this honorable undertaking.
This wine tastes great.
I know where I'm going next.
I hope we'll be able to keep in touch.
Tom and I are teammates.
What do you think of Japanese food?
Tom broke the window on purpose.
It looks good.
I consider you one of my closest friends.
Japan is now very different from what it was twenty years ago.
Will you take a personal check?
I've always distrusted Tom.
There's nothing you can do for Tom.
When you get there, call me.
I would like to learn the Na'vi language.
This is a place where animals are buried.
In this case, I think he is correct.
I work nights.
It was Mr. Smith that taught me how to use that machine.
We sang, danced and chatted after dinner.
Do you have a car?
I just don't want to marry Tom.
You reap what you sow.
For sale.
He grinned with delight.
Do you like black cats?
Air is to us what water is to fish.
I have already started.
We don't have much time. Let's hurry.
May I go now?
I don't want to hear your theories.
Tom likes trying out new things.
Tom drank too much.
It won't start before eight-thirty.
It would be better for you to stay in bed today.
What are you interested in?
The Edinburgh Waterfront project could be about to change all that.
I found the comic book very interesting.
Tom abandoned them.
I am busy now.
Brush your teeth, however sleepy you are.
Stay out of my business.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He absconded with the money.
School should've ended a long time ago.
What's the name of your insurance company?
Marriage is the main cause of divorce.
I was too shy to look her in the face.
You sure were noisy last night.
You must have stayed up late.
How many books do you have?
The big tree was struck by lightning.
It will be snowing when we arrive at Shiga Heights.
I will never force you to marry him.
I am the tallest in our class.
What is your occupation?
The boy has come home.
Tom took his watch off and laid it on the table.
For this test, I bought a voltage tester.
This room is air-conditioned.
I wrote the song for her.
They lost their jobs on Monday.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He acted on the matter.
The boy is playing with his toy soldiers.
Why do you let Tom treat you that way?
Teaching English is his profession.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
It isn't something I'm very good at.
Tom's prediction was correct.
If I do not get the item this week, I will make a complaint to PayPal.
His speech moved us.
Is it OK for me to come in now?
Our teacher warned him not to be late again.
Are you sure you know how to do this?
You are not coming, are you?
When I am in London, I will most probably go catch a few performances.
Every time I go to a Japanese restaurant, I bring the chopsticks home.
My computer's acting strange.
He is always complaining about how small his room is.
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
She got out of the taxi at the department store.
I nodded encouragingly.
You'll find it difficult to meet her requirements.
He was granted permission to leave early.
How's the weather?
Why don't you join our party?
It seems that he knows the truth.
She really hates this way of thinking.
He became a pianist.
The weather will be good tonight for sure.
Drive on.
The Red Cross constantly supplies food to the disaster areas.
The song of this bird is very melodious.
I accepted the offer.
She is my boss and also my best friend.
We've always been very good fuck buddies.
A hamburger and a cold drink cost 7 liras.
I got this bicycle for free.
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic.
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
Whose tea is this?
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese.
I was very nervous as the plane took off.
I want to be a doctor or a nurse or a teacher.
Her hair grew back.
My wife died.
You must have been surprised to meet your teacher in such a place.
Tom said that he was going to have fish for dinner tonight.
She needed money desperately.
She laughed.
The clever student finished the test quickly.
Have you already been to the Korean Peninsula?
You are very sexy.
It is difficult to speak Chinese well.
When will you come back?
Tom drives his car to work every day.
I'm going to go buy some materials today.
Tom is afraid of heights.
It is really cheap.
Let's get to work.
Why don't you grow up?
Tom is Canadian.
Bob is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
Making money is his religion.
I've never climbed Mt. Fuji.
Could you put this coat somewhere?
Tom said you'd come.
Everybody knew she could speak English well.
Luke, I am your father.
You were overthinking it!
Do I have to change my diet?
Why would she lie?
Who wants hot chocolate?
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
It is easy for me to play tennis.
Tom said he read a book about this ship.
How can I get to heaven?
My plan is to buy a car.
He put his things down and left.
The ball is that boy's prized possession.
Have you lost weight?
He has three sons.
This bike belongs to my younger brother.
As you look at your face, you try to figure out what is happening behind it, in your mind.
Can you help me with the washing up?
Don't you like fish?
Did you bring an umbrella with you?
Most of the things you worry about never happen!
She takes great pride in her appearance.
However, there are fewer people learning Chinese, so I think Chinese people are not too familiar with the foreign accents and mistakes.
He was very good at playing tennis.
He mistook me for an Englishman.
The sun sets in the west.
What do you think about that?
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
Mr Wood had no sons.
He's running very quickly.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
I have a bad headache today.
I don't need to do anything.
Step inside.
I do not like the way he treats others.
The referee blew his whistle twice to tell everyone it was full-time.
Finish your work.
I've never seen such a giant watermelon!
What is your natural hair color?
Is it still far from here?
The bed takes up a lot of space.
You should free those animals from the cage.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
With great effort he climbed up the tree.
The noise woke me.
I've already been here two hours.
I rarely go to the cinema.
The train will arrive on time without fail.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
I didn't want to mislead anyone.
We have some decisions to make.
Why are you so hard-headed?
I forgot.
Her French is not fluent.
Has my father already come back?
I'm from Zambia.
You need a haircut.
I'm a British girl from Manchester.
Stop biting your nails.
I don't like wine.
They parted, never to see each other again.
You are absolutely right.
Mick named the baby Richard.
Finishing the report by tomorrow is next to impossible.
We should all sleep easier now.
I came to this country for the purpose of studying music.
Get with it.
He made remarkable progress in English.
Please serve the guests some coffee, dear.
Those people did not neglect their child because they used the Internet too much.
Sami was about sixteen years old.
Did you already eat at home?
We made an appeal for support.
The bus doesn't always come on time.
They needed to make a decision - an immediate decision.
He unexpectedly called you stupid.
You must get the job done before the deadline.
He applied himself to the study of music.
Possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath.
I don't like drinking.
When will you go back to Japan?
That's really a great idea.
Software is constantly evolving.
They want more.
It's necessary to wait one year.
Chris didn't have a car.
It's dangerous to climb a mountain in bad weather.
Tom cut his finger.
There's no telling what he'll do next.
She believes that he is innocent.
Tom probably knows how to get to Mary's house.
Tom bought the wrong size coat by mistake.
Let food be thy medicine and medicine be thy food.
He's been asleep for ten hours now.
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
"Someone farted." "It wasn't me!"
Nobody knows her.
He didn't go to Shanghai.
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden.
It's a little chilly in here.
Who's that person?
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
I need a bag. Will you lend me one?
I can't tell if you're joking.
How did you draw this picture?
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
Serious illnesses call for emergency care.
I am busy today.
His behavior is worthy of respect.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
My father bought me a new bicycle.
She walked in the woods.
Do you still want to give me a hug?
It won't take long to finish the job.
Tom looked around, but saw no one.
May I come in?
Tom was mugged.
It's fairly mild for this time of year.
We haven't finished eating the watermelon yet.
Do you watch movies?
Peas and carrots are common ingredients in soups.
They were treated for hypothermia.
He'll definitely go to the U.S.
He went home three hours later.
He is anxious to go.
Tom thinks he's a knight.
Fred's house has five rooms.
Say hi to your father for me.
The rain is raining all around.
I shouldn't have to do all this work by myself.
I'd rather stay here.
And you?
The accident happened on Sunday at about 3:00.
When we think of the traditional roles of men and women in society, we think of husbands supporting the family, and wives taking care of the house and children.
Could you please exchange some small change with me?
Will Tom really do that?
Good night.
Thank you for dancing with me.
I doubt if Mary would do that if she were in your shoes.
Had he known what was about to happen, he would have changed his plan.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
Which is your book?
Tom doesn't know what he should do now.
I don't believe you, regardless what you say.
This computer cost three thousand dollars.
Detroit is famous for its car industry.
I don't have any money in my pockets.
We may well have rain this evening.
Why are you taking so much medicine?
He told me he was going to America.
No one helped me.
Isn't it a bit small?
When did you learn to swim?
She got through her work before five.
I swear I didn't do anything.
It must be around here somewhere.
History is life's lover.
I was able to sell my used car for 100 dollars.
I've had enough already!
Don't make a fool of me.
Even if I grant that what you say is true, it is no excuse.
That smells like cheese.
He broke into a house.
You're my sunshine.
English has many loan words from French.
We must learn to respect each other.
What's your favorite way to cook trout?
Mary has nice legs.
I didn't do anything during my vacation.
The price of gas is rising.
Cook the peeled and chopped potatoes for 20 minutes in boiling water.
My father is in his room.
Put some water into the vase.
He saved my life.
The train has already gone.
He is hard to get along with.
We traveled through the whole land.
My bicycle has a flat tire.
Does the room have a bath?
She is very popular among the students.
Last year, I decided to come to Japan.
Did Tom not know what to do?
Smiling is the best remedy for negative emotions.
She rode a camel.
She looks down on me for not having a sense of humor.
I just took a shower.
There are many rivers on that island.
Everything has two sides. Fanatics only see one.
I'm going to buy myself a new camera, digital this time.
You have a small chest.
What is your favorite color?
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe.
To tell the truth, I completely forgot.
The business is in the red.
His hands were covered with mud.
The kitten wanted in.
They don't want to grow old.
Tom and Mary have three cats and two dogs.
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
You would do well to stay here.
Whose guitar is this?
Did you find your contact lenses?
I'm first.
Bill is not as tall as Bob.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Living in the city makes me miss starry night skies the most.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
It is true that he is young, but he is very reliable.
Two people can enter with this ticket.
It rained yesterday.
Irish stout is the best beer.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
We're partly responsible for that.
Two coffees with milk, please.
Not all of us can speak English.
Do not fold!
He likes to travel abroad.
The problem remains unsolved.
Erkin likes her too.
That documentary about the environmental crisis was a real eye-opener.
They eat fish.
I don't know, nor do I care.
This hut is a very special place.
It's a secret.
Wait. Come back.
She had my mother take care of the baby.
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."
Don't be disappointed.
I've had a busy day.
I'm a good cook.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
Seeing me, she was embarrassed.
You are fantastic.
Where in Turkey do you live?
He left his luggage at the station.
Luke, I am your son.
This dog is a mongrel.
I don't have a cellphone anymore.
How cute!
I'll see you next Wednesday.
I burned my fingertip.
He went mad when he heard the story.
I want to give Mom a plant.
Who wants a piece of cake?
No matter how important the question may or may not be, you must solve it.
When are you getting off work?
How long has he been absent?
I have many discs.
He spoke very loudly.
Their trouble stems from a trifling matter.
Did you murder Tom?
Let me introduce my mother to you.
How in the world did you do it?
You were hurt, weren't you?
I'm downloading this internet archive.
I don't think we should wait.
This is a hammer. It's not mine; I borrowed it from a friend.
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason that he did that.
As long as it's not a fatal mistake, it is ok to fail.
I am going to do it whether you agree or not.
Tom will never see you again.
It's you again.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and the others are red.
What a pity that I did not see it.
I'm sorry, my mother's not at home.
Subtract two from ten and you have eight.
I know where she is.
Maybe you licked it?
His wife opened the door for him.
I'll still go to the park even if it rains.
You are my best friend.
All the top teams of the UK are in the premier division.
Tom won the race.
You depend too much on others.
I prefer cakes or candies to alcohol, but I do drink.
Tom only thinks about making money.
They made up and became friends again.
I want to speak to her in the matter of my salary.
We are familiar with the name of the place.
She was at his bedside for the whole time he was ill.
I make a point of being punctual.
I hear that his father is in another country.
"Did you watch TV last week?" "No, I didn't."
I got lucky.
He always leaves the window open when he sleeps.
They trust Tom.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
We played baseball yesterday.
It had to be Tom that did that.
It's Monday.
It's hard for foreigners to learn Japanese.
I thought Tom would sleep until noon.
We spread out and began to search through the woods.
I asked him if I could read his book.
Don't let me down.
She knows how to do the crawl.
It's no longer snowing.
I thought that Tom would win.
You couldn't handle the pressure.
Aren't you happy?
The IMF ruled out any new loans to that country.
Tom is being quite obstinate, isn't he?
They haven't slept for forty-eight hours.
You have to go there whether you like it or not.
He is studying law at Harvard.
We saw the gleam of a distant lighthouse.
Tom can't afford this.
By the shower of time, people have forgotten this event.
We are sorry we can't help you.
Rome is an old city.
Take your time. There's no rush.
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.
She felt herself being lifted up.
They're dead.
Is this seat empty?
He is an absolute monarch.
I wholeheartedly agree.
I'm seeing my uncle tomorrow.
John chased Mary.
Don't be jealous of the success of others.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
I know that you like sports.
This makes me smile to death!
This man is drunk.
I don't like hitchhiking.
How old is your child?
I don't need anything... just a new pair of pants.
I've been coming to work one train earlier lately.
I didn't add this sentence.
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
I had Mr. Jones correct my composition.
I'll tell you about the case.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
They had started earlier than we had.
This extension cord is too short.
Tom came to Boston three years ago.
I slipped the letter to him.
She translated it word for word.
Can I hug you?
Check that your username and password are written correctly.
I'm a night owl.
I walked as far as the station.
Do we have anything I can snack on?
Would you like anything to drink?
Water freezes at 0 degrees Centigrade.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
When did he say he would come?
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
He laughed wholeheartedly.
I met my friends yesterday.
Don't enter the room without permission.
Tourism generated many new jobs.
Please turn down the radio.
I don't have a computer at home.
Children like chocolate.
At first, I didn't like him.
I got a phone call from him just as I was about to go to bed.
He lived a simple life.
She told me that she's puzzled.
I bought a hat at the store.
You will wish you had never seen it.
He asked the man to help him.
Did you play tennis yesterday?
He worked all day yesterday.
I would like you to assist me with my gardening.
I walk to school.
That novel isn't for children.
It's very hot today, isn't it?
I wish I were young.
We're going to do that right away.
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.
Your friendship means a lot to me.
Could I use your phone?
He is friendly to us and wants our help.
Could you tell me?
Because it is there.
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.
She's my older sister.
You should not waste your time.
Flight faster than sound was thought to be impossible.
I will give it a try.
Tom was there with his girlfriend.
It's quarter to eight now.
Your name has been crossed off the list.
That medicine isn't going to help.
Godwin's law teaches us that any infinite discussion about an arbitrary subject converges to a Nazi comparison.
Money makes men mad.
Have you asked her for help?
Could you help me for ten minutes?
We may never know.
He received a golden watch as a prize.
Did you practice the piano this morning?
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
They acted on the information.
I find it much easier to speak French than English.
My mom tried to help me at first, but then she gave up in no time.
My boat is small.
I am looking for a present for my mother.
That girl smiled and waved to me.
I'll follow you anywhere.
Yanni hit rock bottom.
One should love one's own mother.
If only he had come.
In case of fire, break the glass and push the red button.
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.
Come whenever you want to.
He likes sports as well as music.
Where are you guys going?
Did Tom get the package that we sent to him?
I'd like to buy a house.
Jack can speak French.
There is a bank in front of the station.
If I were to die, what would my family do?
Tom and Mary know that they can trust us.
You're just being ridiculous.
"I like traveling." "So do I."
Come back soon.
The book stores and libraries here have no books in foreign languages.
I am about to write a sentence in German.
Can't you discount it a little?
Window or aisle?
What can go wrong?
Instead, they live alone as long as they are able to take care of themselves.
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
I hope we don't have to wait for too long.
We were compelled to stay at home on account of the storm.
The poor girl went blind.
Mary is not like the other girls.
Must we really go to this party?
Both of her sons died during the war.
Is this your car?
You asked about her? What did she say?
The sixth prime minister of Malaysia is Dato' Sri Najib Abdul Razak.
The house did not suffer much damage because the fire was quickly put out.
This hotel has accommodations for 1,000 guests.
Bring him over.
The room is cold.
The chance is gone.
If he knew the truth, then he should have already told me.
He joined the Army during the war.
Pandas feed on bamboo grass.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
He comes to Tokyo once a year.
The customer is always right.
Seen from the moon, the earth looks like a ball.
Matías is from Uruguay. He is Uruguayan.
I've never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book. The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well.
The boy has been absent from school for eight days.
Mary is having a sleep after lunch.
You and me are the same age.
We should always try to help others.
I think exams ruin education.
I go to the office by bicycle except on rainy days.
Let's patch up our argument.
I'll be leaving for Australia next month.
Tom's father just died.
Do you like any of these pictures?
It is ten o'clock by my watch.
What a shame!
You should acknowledge your failure.
Humans are animals.
Before Kate was married last year, some expressed concerns that as she was born a commoner, she would struggle with the pressure of being thrust into the public eye.
When did you go to bed last night?
Don't cast pearls before swine.
She has been to France three times.
He asked her where her mother was.
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
You have a good memory.
This is your car.
He amazed everyone by passing his driving test.
He is about to become a diplomat at the Chinese Embassy in France.
Saturn is a planet.
Do I sound like I'm in love?
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen years old.
You are just saying that.
Have you already eaten supper?
You should open the windows and turn off the air-con!
According to the latest census, the language's number of speakers appears to be stable, or even increasing.
So, will this mean healthier cities?
I'm going to kiss you.
It's windy today.
I hope you will answer me soon.
Paper was invented in China.
I'll send my mother a letter.
Fasten your seat belt at all times.
Did you guys go out?
Tom didn't tell me the truth.
I have a younger sister.
His horse jumped over the fence.
He told us to keep quiet.
People should understand that the world is changing.
Let me see that.
He was beaten black and blue.
He forgot to feed the dog.
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
Time is more precious than anything else.
I can understand him perfectly.
I want to buy new bed linen.
What's your favorite dessert?
There are more girls than boys in our school.
That's my sole concern.
People usually don't like what they don't understand.
He didn't pass the exam, but it doesn't bother him.
I know what's in the box.
I was bored, so I fell asleep.
There's a guy in my yoga class.
I was sacked yesterday.
There are sixty seconds in a minute.
Don't let this information leak out.
We have a holiday today.
I am going to kill you!
Cheap meat doesn't make good soup.
He only blames other people, and never himself.
I finally met her today.
Tom held up one finger.
I don't think it's a good decision.
There is no Nobel Prize in mathematics.
I can't put up with him.
My appetite is particularly large.
She came here as soon as she heard it.
You have to overcome the difficulties.
Daylight savings is over today.
We were just about to enter the room.
The bodyguard was wearing an earpiece.
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.
I'm one year older than him.
You captivated me, dear.
I think that it's OK.
I'm not an Uighur. I'm a Russian.
He rushed out of the office.
It is my fault.
You'll never see that again.
Tom wants to tell you about Mary.
I'm not your son.
This is much better.
I often drink tea.
Could you please transfer me to Mr. Smith?
He has nothing in common with her.
Don't miss out on this opportunity.
Tomorrow I want to get up early.
My father drives very well.
There is a post office in front of the station.
I prefer being poor to being rich.
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
It snowed a lot last year.
The supermarket is out of business.
I lost my watch yesterday.
We have had little snow this winter.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
Youth is an asset.
You aren't dead, are you?
I'm from Colombia.
I don't know anything about Japan.
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
It could be just a coincidence.
I'm sorry I didn't make myself clear.
I'm working for a trading firm.
Tom took his reading glasses off.
This is empty.
That butterfly has died.
I could hear doors slamming.
You can't judge a person by appearance, just as you can't measure the sea with a pint pot.
I paid.
He knows how to play poker.
Tom is sleeping upstairs, isn't he?
What's the last thing you were ever happy about?
As this girl entered the room, every child was laughing at her little hat.
I borrow money.
What trips are you planning?
They must work 8 hours a day.
Only adults may watch that film.
She is just going shopping.
The boy lost his way in the forest.
It's said that she loves him.
That's not the problem.
Nearly all Japanese have dark hair.
That ship crossed the equator yesterday.
I just heard something.
Please look at the map on page 25.
Let me explain.
How much money did you steal?
Tom loves to ski.
Tom and Mary explained their plan in detail.
Who's gonna read such a thick book?
That's a great poem.
My brother used to live in New York.
Yesterday I bought a book.
Did you try the rice?
Cows provide us with milk.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
He hurt his left hand.
We are still doing well.
This can't be true.
I went camping with my family.
They are talking about music.
According to some scholars, a major earthquake could occur at any moment now.
Having a long distance relationship isn't the best.
Are you all home?
I gave my cold to him.
See you tomorrow at school.
Tom knew that Mary wanted him to go to Boston with her.
Give me a dozen oranges.
Does the tube train stop at the next station?
When I was a little child, I used to play baseball after school.
You are one of my best friends.
They named the spaceship A100.
Do you feel tired?
Bill has many friends.
It'd be best if a few more female singers could come.
She paid no heed to our warnings.
The residents protested outside the sex shop that opened in their neighborhood recently.
She beckoned me to come in.
In the summer, it's very hot here.
In Australia, English is spoken.
He saw a physician.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
He said farewell and left.
That's the spirit!
I vaguely remember meeting him.
The government of this country oppresses its people.
Do you want to eat something else?
There's a bottle of white wine in the refrigerator.
Be my guest.
I'm still the boss here.
We showed him some pictures of London.
It was evident that everyone was upset when Atletico Madrid suffered defeat.
I am feeding my baby.
The eagle does not catch flies.
We'll meet in three hours.
It's because I love her.
Almost nobody thinks we're sisters.
You run into Japanese tourists everywhere.
We cannot tell which is better.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
Slight inattention can cause a great disaster.
I'm unable to do manual labour.
We meet here once a week.
He came into my room.
You're my enemy.
I cannot see you without thinking of your late father.
I can't afford that.
He hid himself behind a large rock.
He led a hard life after that.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Count to thirty.
My nose is so itchy.
The moon is already out.
Would you pass me the salt?
Not everything can be bought with money.
John took a key from his pocket.
The five yuan coins are brass, and the ten yuan coins are made out of bronze.
Can you solve this puzzle?
Which floor do you live on?
Answer me this.
Can you let me finish speaking?
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.
Anna, is this your car?
Do you know if Tom has spoken to Mary recently?
Tom waited for Mary in front of the warehouse.
He loves music.
What a beautiful flower!
This is a test.
Is this snake safe to touch?
I'd advise you not to eat it.
I didn't think that Tom could win.
We did warn her.
Damascus is Syria's capital.
The giraffe was walking along the river bank.
We're done for.
It is because his mother is ill that he cannot come to school.
Kim and I are the same age.
I didn't recognize anyone in the room.
My father has gone to America.
First of all, you should talk it over with your parents.
Where is the gate?
Where's your dog?
Carry on with your work.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
He loves fishing.
I like foreign languages.
That tall boy saved the drowning child.
She turned off the lights.
Using a trap, they caught the fox.
She broke the world record.
Please advise me what to do.
Emi ordered herself a new dress.
He came out of the room at last.
I was about to go look for you.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
Fred is always telling lies.
Raya got lost.
I'm pretty sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
I think I've done enough.
The teacher told us a funny story.
Let's play a game of blind man's buff.
The time will soon come when man will be able to travel to the moon.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
Jennifer lives a peaceful life in the small village, unlike us with our busy city lives.
I'd like to make a call to Tokyo, Japan. The number is 3202-5625.
Tom looked for his pen.
No, no, that's okay.
Her mother knocked on the door.
Why do people commit suicide?
Tom is at least a head taller than me.
That was three days ago.
No problem, I can wait.
Anglo-Saxon was to Norman as hen-pecked to uxorious.
Who has come?
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
Tom's mother has died.
That can't be Mary. She's in the hospital now.
Everyone came to the blackboard to write down their name.
Subways run under the ground.
I went to school yesterday.
I'm going to stay here for a couple of days.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
How large is the audience?
I don't need you or anybody else.
The street was crowded with people.
Good luck with tonight's performance!
Tom walks slowly.
No one would hurt you.
I cannot speak Mandarin well.
The condom broke.
Such a method is out of date.
She lived for a long time.
I ordered frogs and noodles.
Tom got married in Las Vegas.
He earns half a million yen a month.
Add meat.
When you smile, I am happy.
Does Tom still rely on his parents?
Fortune smiled on him.
You were also too brave!
Do you know how to speak?
Here is my email address.
See above.
Let's go now. Otherwise, we'll be late.
What on earth are you talking about?
His trouble was chiefly mental.
This child don't know what's coming for him.
In consequence of some badly coded functions, the system is unstable most of the time.
Children love to sing.
We can't just look on dejectedly while this city continues to go into decline.
Yanni and Skura are not available.
Only she can use the computer.
Coming!
Gambling is illegal.
Get off your high horse, Tom.
He caught hold of the rope.
My heart's beating so fast!
Tomorrow I'm going back home.
Between you and me, John's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
My sister married her high school classmate.
He runs in the park every day.
He worked day and night so that he might become rich.
Is it true Tom can't read or write?
You're original.
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.
Cats like fish more than they like meat.
He solved the problem in five minutes that I had struggled with for two hours.
It must be a birthday cake!
Every player did his best.
Ken looks happy.
Could I get one more beer, please?
It costs 25 dollars and 50 cents.
We lost sight of the man in the crowd.
All this is new to me.
Mary ruined me.
The letter was finished.
What is in your hands?
She doesn't have the ticket.
The grammar of Esperanto is very simple.
Do you understand?
How long is your spring vacation?
Have you been feeling a bit of discomfort lately?
Harry fell seriously ill.
Tom and Mary only speak French at home.
I don't have any small change.
Tom said he loved me.
In Canada, they speak English and French.
Oh no!
I want to talk to him about it.
The cat's asleep.
I tried very hard to put an end to their heated argument.
Someone saved my life.
Everybody is immune to smallpox nowadays.
We met in a coffee shop near the campus.
My mom doesn't speak English very well.
I don't mind walking in the rain.
What happened to your computer?
The girl reading a cookbook is Kate.
To be honest, he doesn't have any musical talent.
You come from Beijing, right?
Everyone admired his courage.
I married when I was 19 years old.
I would rather stay here.
Love and hope helped her to recover quickly.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow.
He is twice as old as I am.
They are melons.
This issue has nothing to do with you.
Charles Lindbergh made the first solo flight across the Atlantic Ocean in 1927.
'Teng' and 'cheng' are rhyming words.
Follow your desire.
He is aware of the danger.
Without your advice, I would have failed.
Tom updated his computer.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when you speak English.
It is foggy outside.
In the future, will robots be as common as personal computers?
I want to help her.
You nearly poked me in the eye with your pencil.
She decided to resign from her job.
The patient lies in bed.
Tom doesn't like me.
I want to pick out a present for my friend.
I heard a dog barking in the distance.
Don't be afraid to invest time and energy.
I will not eat ice cream.
You may have been the last person to see Tom.
I don't know his address.
I want to have a little look.
Bless you!
She is very proud of her talent.
This is the deepest lake in Japan.
But he was lucky.
Tom is extremely romantic.
We do not have time to finish our report.
We're all tired.
I admire you.
I want a few potatoes.
Each year the world's population increases on average by two percent.
I am an honest person.
This book was very interesting.
You saved me.
I'm very sorry I came home so late.
Finish your homework by the time they return.
Why didn't you read the magazine?
Strange, why can't I send any mail to your mail box?
I had my bicycle stolen last night.
This book is not as large that one.
She's very pretty, isn't she?
Did you understand what he said?
The doctor is seeing that patient.
Do you have any money with you?
That film is for children.
How long did you live there?
I am an American citizen.
Is your girlfriend Ukrainian?
A person like Zhou Libo is only born once every hundred years.
She took the book back to the library.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
I suppose I felt a little jealous.
Who do you think came to see me yesterday?
I've got work to do.
Where were these pictures taken at?
The man is naked.
Have you told her mother?
All at once, I heard a cry.
Romanian is a Romance language.
I'm sorry, I left my homework at home.
We think Tom will be back soon.
She's a doctor now.
My fountain pen is new.
She sat in a chair reading a magazine.
I spoke with him about the matter.
Truth is, I don't like him.
I don't feel like eating anything today.
It was Mike that bought this racket yesterday.
I've got a pair of sunglasses.
Lie still.
She's in the garden planting roses.
I saw what Tom did.
Tom is reading an essay.
John stayed in bed all day and didn't go to work.
It's getting warmer day by day.
I'm not coming back.
I've caught a terrible cold.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
We'll meet in my office.
I like to travel alone.
They were left speechless.
I'm paying by credit card.
It's rude to make fun of your boss in public.
Tom enjoys talking to Mary.
I did nothing during the holidays.
I'm very sensitive to heat.
We'll stay quiet.
Mary came home from school in tears because her friends had teased her.
I think that she's honest.
I live in Tbilisi.
I'm actually doing quite well.
Someone is watching you.
It's getting dark. Please turn the light on for me.
Do you want to see the house?
His brother studies very hard.
Tom fell asleep.
It used to be thought that the earth was flat.
Why is Tom excited?
She's playing Tetris.
She eats.
Don't use "discover" when you mean "invent".
God willing, everything will be all right.
Shoot!
I'm walking in the park.
That's a nice coat.
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.
Taste the flavour of success.
I would like to try the blue striped skirt.
His sense of guilt was diminished.
Everyone was surprised to see Tom.
Please don't forget to put a stamp on the letter before mailing it.
He put his glasses back on.
Open your mouth and close your eyes.
It's fun to speak in French.
Selling cars is my job.
I left my umbrella on the train.
Open the door for love.
Nobody wants it.
I guess that she is over thirty.
Mind your table manners.
I hear they're pretty good.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
He has an interesting job but it requires a lot of skill.
What time did she arrive at Narita Airport?
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
I hate mosquitoes.
Please put on your shoes.
What's Tom doing?
I will telephone you later on.
Our dorm's heating system isn't working properly.
I can't adjust myself to the climate here.
There were a hat and a coat on the wall.
The people of London are very proud of this bridge.
She plays tennis very well.
The library is the meeting place of all human dreams.
No, you say.
I'll give you a book.
You should have known better than to take an examination without preparing for it.
Your stomach has been rumbling for quite a while now. Are you sure you're all right?
I don't want to listen to you complaining again.
I am leaving work, so let's talk another day.
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it's supposed to be like that, it's Russian."
My mother does not speak English.
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.
Tom wants to sleep on it.
Wash before first wearing.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
The "family manager" is a profession, occupation, vocation.
I understand it more or less.
I do want to be your friend.
She is upset.
Don't throw rocks into the river.
I do not know.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
Can I catch a taxi near here?
You should have told me yesterday.
Tom doesn't know how bad it is.
I don't know if George is coming or not.
I prefer spring to fall.
Certainly. I'll look for it right now.
I called her from the hospital.
He's not stupider than you.
I think that Tom is too young.
Could you call me tonight, please?
Do you want to die here?
He has gained weight.
What's the time in Boston now?
She was afraid to say it to her parents.
No one's going to find you.
I forgot to put film in the camera.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
"To tell you the truth, I am scared of heights." "You are a coward!"
Hello! Good morning!
My idea went against his.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
We had neither known nor heard about it.
She is old enough to know better.
He studies Chinese too.
My room is an inviolable refuge.
What happened to Tom's head?
I believe in you.
She's planning to get divorced.
Don't follow me.
This letter has no signature.
What has your friend been doing recently?
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
She scoffed at my poem.
Tom wants to learn boxing, but his mother thinks it's too dangerous.
Other than Sundays, I work every day.
Tom said he wanted to cry.
Have you got anything planned for next weekend?
She got to the station at seven.
Whenever I get a large sum of money, I donate some of it to charity.
Tom doesn't know the difference between Iraq and Iran.
They are not tired.
Then what kind of life brings happiness?
I came to Japan to see Kyoto.
You win.
Do you have everything?
Tom died in combat.
I asked her a difficult question.
They say that he is an able man.
There are noticeable differences between the two.
I have not heard from her recently.
Tom asked me stay behind.
Life is like a box of chocolates.
They made a great effort to settle the problem.
Nick can speak Portuguese very well. That's because he's been studying it for 5 years.
You have something stuck in your teeth.
She stayed there for a moment.
My mother is currently watching French Television program.
I like to play golf.
He's a little taller than you are.
John makes fun of his dog.
Leaves are falling.
He saved my life at the risk of his own.
My phone is beautiful.
Eggs are cheap this season.
This kind of mistake is easy to overlook.
I do not intend to quit at all.
It'll rain soon.
I help Mum do the cooking.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
I need to charge my mobile phone.
She was by far the best singer in the class.
I earn 100 Euros a day.
The sales are slipping.
That is useless to me.
Children generally have a higher body temperature than adults.
It is left here.
I'll let Tom tell you.
This is not fair. She can go but I can't go.
What countries have you lived in?
When were you born?
Mum, I'm hungry.
We can not be too careful in operating a nuclear power plant.
What is learned in the cradle is carried to the tomb.
Bring the jack over. I'll jack up the car.
Let's do something later this evening!
I didn't pay attention to what they were saying.
What've you been doing recently?
London is such a large city that visitors must use buses and the underground railway to get about.
All the students passed the test.
I didn't know Tom was your cousin.
I bought a book yesterday.
I already bought it.
Have you ever heard someone speaking Esperanto?
I have no idea of how to send a fax.
They wouldn't stop torturing me.
School begins at 8:30 a.m.
Do you like Chinese cuisine?
He should have been a lawyer.
He's so tall!
Tom isn't the only one who has a key.
Relying on strength alone cannot guarantee victory.
I was terribly frightened.
Tom refused to talk to me.
The boys kept quiet.
Tom is living somewhere in Boston.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
Did you go out last night?
The Sun is in the center of the solar system.
She will be here this evening.
You very nearly guessed it.
This piece of clothing is really pretty.
Maria has not eaten anything.
I can barely think right now.
We still have a lot of time.
Did you behave today?
I am not correct, but you are.
Ostriches can't fly.
This is typical.
I never thought that would happen.
We call our dog Johnnie.
Tom might be able to attend the meeting.
Without me, you wouldn't accomplish anything.
It is getting cooler and cooler.
To make a cake, you need egg, butter and sugar.
He is a clever boy, to be sure.
It was raining when we left, but by the time we arrived, it was sunny.
The novel is centered on the Civil War.
I collect foreign coins.
I like to eat lamb kebabs.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
What's the price?
Creationism is a pseudo-science.
Sorry to bother you!
I hear that you're very talented.
Who does the car belong to when the owner dies?
Who's your boyfriend?
She was there in the morning.
Strictly speaking, Chinese consists of hundreds of dialects.
The brand new pen is really useful.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
The policeman told me that the last bus leaves at ten.
It's a bad example.
Chris swung his sword!
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
He's not very good at remembering names.
His speech lasted three hours.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
Our native language is Japanese.
I decided to take the opportunity to go and visit him.
I got acquainted with him last year.
It may never happen.
I help Mum cook.
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
There are a lot of hot springs in Japan.
He told me that whatever might happen, he was prepared for it.
This is an ice cube.
I want to be friends with you.
Mastering a foreign language involves a lot of patience.
It was the only way to go.
What? It's only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
The news of his death spread.
Tom says he can't hear anything.
Have you made your decision?
They set out with a guide just in case they lost their way.
I'm not convinced you know what you're doing.
I have a large collection of stamps.
Do you really think that Tom is home?
I guess I haven't made myself clear.
She mistook me for my brother.
This is very funny!
Thanks for returning my call.
Making a living as a manga artist is almost impossible.
He did nothing but cry.
We enjoyed ourselves very much.
You shouldn't trust him.
Number unobtainable.
What newspapers have you subscribed to?
Hey you! Please wait.
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.
She looked lonely.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
It'll soon be breakfast time.
I am on your side.
When a Chinese girl gets old, her family becomes nervous.
The train leaves at six.
They came up with a plan after a long discussion.
Always work hard for tomorrow!
A clear conscience is an extraordinarily soft pillow.
Have you seen any movies recently?
Is there a laundromat around here?
The TV shouldn't be so close. Put it a little further back.
Last month, we collected five liters of rainwater.
My grandfather is five times as old as I am.
How you can abide him?
I'll be free all day tomorrow.
I haven't been to America.
It's very difficult.
I speak Gronings.
He told us an interesting story.
He became an orphan when he was ten.
How long have you lived in Japan?
I want to call my family.
I should have paid closer attention.
He's good by nature.
Ask Tom to help you.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
What do you study English for?
People still think Tom is a liar.
You are drunk!
Don't look at them.
I've already seen the film.
He pushed her into the swimming pool.
I'll drive to Detroit.
Is Natasha a common name in Russia?
May I ask a question?
He likes to work in the garden.
Who told you the story?
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
Tom and I have decided to go to Australia next summer.
That is completely useless.
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
The president laughed in spite of himself.
Maybe tomorrow.
In case of fire, dial 119.
Does he like China?
He is studying at Kyoto University.
I read the book from beginning to end.
I need your help.
Where can I catch a bus?
We should always obey laws.
My father is fifty years old.
I quit smoking and drinking.
How long have you lived in Sasayama?
Can you get up?
Dick played the piano and Lucy sang.
He loves his puppy. His puppy is really adorable.
You've had plenty of chances to do that.
That's not a bad idea.
My bike was stolen last night.
When do you get up?
I can't study with you watching me.
You must stop smoking.
"I really need some new clothes," thought Dima.
Mars is a planet.
Which dog is yours?
I'm at a loss for words.
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you're there.
I always find puppet shows a bit creepy.
I like to go fishing with my father.
The reply came after three days.
The papers that were in the safe are gone.
I do not understand.
English is easy to learn.
You have the choice of soup or salad.
I sighed with relief to hear it.
His story sounds true.
May I see the telephone directory?
Don't go for a walk naked!
You are the prettiest flower in my life.
I'm only joking; don't take me seriously.
I didn't want to see them again.
Who's going to believe that?
The library has many books.
I have a red bicycle.
Mike and his sister can speak French, but they can't speak Japanese.
It's important to read books.
I'm Tom Hunter.
The earth revolves on its axis once every 24 hours.
I'm playing a TV game.
Sorry, I zoned out.
That means a lot to me.
Where do you live now?
I didn't do it on purpose.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
I want to be a baseball player.
Many soldiers were wounded in the battle.
The hall was filled with such a large audience that there wasn't even standing room.
She looked after the children.
He has been to many places.
What caused the explosion?
Where are we going to travel to next?
Sami likes the music.
It is thirty years since we married.
Tom was all worn out.
I am married and have two children.
You thought I didn't need to do that, didn't you?
I took the lift to the second floor.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
I remember now.
Tom is speaking French.
Don't say such ill-omened things.
Why are men never happy? Because they always want the impossible.
My father has been living in Nagoya for 30 years.
He thought that I was very tired.
We didn't know which bus to take.
Don't read that kind of book.
Tom speaks Japanese better than the Japanese do.
More and more women have their own careers and are economically independent of their husbands.
My beautiful ballpoint pen is purple.
I have absolute faith in you.
He had his hair cut short.
The immigrants entered the country in a steady flow.
We have to look after our parents.
I saw five men.
We knew it all along.
He fell asleep on my shoulder.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
He always wears dark glasses.
When have you got to hand in your essay?
You may not remember me, but I remember you.
We're behind schedule.
She's made up her mind to quit the company.
I'm looking for my key.
He is anxious to see you.
I'd like to have a test for breast cancer.
The main type of tree in this part of the forest is the cypress.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
In Britain they call the subway the underground.
What symptoms do you have?
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
He complained about the noise.
I am glad to make your acquaintance.
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
He came back not because he was homesick, but because he was running short of money.
Tom knows how to make noodles.
I ordered some books from London.
These paintings are different sizes.
She has great respect for her teacher.
Is that possible?
I am certain that we will find a solution.
How about some chocolate cheese?
I want you to stay here longer.
I'll call you as soon as I'm free.
You ought to get to work on time.
Tom got rid of his old books.
He's really angry.
He was very surprised.
I think you should get more rest.
She said that without me, life held no meaning.
Could you take me to a movie?
We'll leave as soon as you are ready.
I bought two loaves of bread.
Haven't you got a television?
This is Tom's umbrella.
Is there a mailbox near here?
I had two cars.
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
The mountain is green.
May I help you?
Queue up properly, no queue jumping!
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
The problem is, he has no money.
This idea is a misperception, and makes no sense.
Marcello scored a last-minute equaliser.
Tom looked well.
Here is your appointment card.
My sister is playing with a doll.
My underwear is dirty.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
I don't know about you, but I'm starving.
The handle came away from the door when I grasped it.
He kept back the part about himself.
I didn't know the city, and what's more, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
We are having a serious talk about your future.
My phone is broken.
Do you have a fountain pen?
Tell me how he got it.
I need to go to the bathroom.
I'm leaving for Canada tomorrow.
I'm very happy to come.
What style of furniture would you like?
I apologize for the methods used to get you here.
I can see the light.
The gap between them has narrowed.
We were able to catch the last train.
I have not seen him for a long time.
I had a really weird dream yesterday.
Without warning, the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin.
Living costs have increased rapidly.
I want to eat out tonight.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
These are my grandmother's artificial teeth.
Can I use a credit card?
Blasphemy is a victimless crime.
They dream.
He's proud of his wife.
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
I'll ask Tom to wait.
I'm more interested in spoken English.
She's getting breakfast ready.
Tell her that I am watching the news.
Can you give me your cell number?
Your boyfriend is really handsome.
The recent coffee shortage brought about many problems.
The fight is over.
Stop putting off finding a job.
We want candy.
I am lesbian.
Why don't we have lunch together?
I told Tom I thought it was a good idea.
Some students stayed behind.
We're not going on holiday to Sardinia.
Do you like playing volleyball?
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
The apple tree has a beautiful blossom.
Little did I dream that I would see you here.
I'm a bank clerk.
Sometimes things that happen do not make sense.
What's your sister's dog's name?
The fork's gone.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
Let's ask if it's true.
I'll write to you soon.
Tom paid me back the money that he owed me.
Wine is made from grapes.
I make 100 euros per day.
How's the weather today?
Go and play with your friends.
I'm sorry to disappoint you.
I woke up at five this morning.
It was just a matter of time.
A crowd soon gathered around him.
If you’ve only slept for three hours, you certainly won’t do well in the exam.
Basketball is a lot of fun.
You shouldn't go out.
This word doesn't exist in French.
My clothes were dirty with oil.
I see.
I'm really sorry, it's all my fault - I didn't notice you.
Tom opened the blinds and looked out the window.
He keeps a diary in English.
I am on speaking terms with Tom.
Don't you remember what you said?
Tom is coming.
We went skiing in Canada.
He's three years older than she is.
I was having a bath when the telephone rang.
In the morning I always drink a cup of coffee.
Brush your teeth before going to bed.
I don't know where she lives.
We are happy.
She likes Russian pop.
Tom got mercury poisoning from eating canned tuna every day.
We're confident of victory.
Meg and Ken sat on the bench.
Don't be too shy.
This company and I have signed a contract of three years.
The doctor was giving a patient a checkup.
I was so excited that I couldn't fall asleep.
My passport has expired.
Tom doesn't have a good French-English dictionary.
I bought an electric bicycle.
Experience brings wisdom.
Our mother bought us a puppy.
Three fourths of the earth's surface is covered with water.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
When my parents get old, I will support them.
He worries excessively on the eve of exams.
I often go downtown on Sunday.
I am interested in sports.
What will you eat tonight?
Do you remember your father's birthday?
Today I turn four years old.
This is a matter of great importance.
Tom said that he didn't have it all figured out yet.
I prefer soccer to baseball.
She took me for my brother.
She writes Chinese.
It's correct now.
They have provided the library with a large number of books.
Her skin is whiter than snow.
The couple is walking hand in hand.
The exam was divided into two parts.
Forget about her.
Are you going outside?
Why can't I find it in this dictionary?
This year's fashions are completely different from last year's.
Suddenly, everything fell silent.
Mental health is as important as physical health.
What if Tom says no?
She turned over the page with excitement.
Did that happen recently?
Was it all an illusion?
We have that in common.
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.
I have no friends.
He brought his dog to school.
I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favor to men of skill; but time and chance happen to them all.
We live near the school.
Spring is here.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
Now tell us what we want to know.
He gave me whatever help I needed.
I don't understand these.
Reformers aim to improve the government.
She was dressed in wool.
Do you remember when we made wooden bridges?
The children have already gone to school.
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness, and a democracy was saved. Yes, we can.
I had otitis media last year.
She was dressed in rich silks.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
He's not sure he wants to do this.
I was to blame.
Mum, what are you thinking about?
No two rivers in the world are completely the same.
Leave it to me.
He's a successful businessman.
I didn't know Tom was going to tell us what to do.
How much longer will that take?
Turn big problems into small ones, and make small problems into nothing.
The capital of Sweden is Stockholm.
I don't envy your life. Not even a little bit.
She got first prize in the eating contest.
Tom expected this to happen.
I know.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
I passed by her house yesterday.
I can't ride a bike because it is raining today.
I'll water the garden.
Tom really needs help now.
He spent all night cramming for the test.
Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Tom is teaching me to how to sail.
I'd say you earned it.
The flowers in the garden need watering.
John is much taller than Mary.
The law is quite clear.
Let's wait till he comes back.
Please lock the door.
When it comes to drugs, there's a very fine line between use and abuse.
He has not yet done his homework, so his teacher is beginning to worry about him.
I am interested in movies.
Keep oil away from the fire.
We must never forget the inherent value of every human being.
I've met so many new people.
I want to ask you some questions about Tom.
I am poor at swimming.
If you are going to smoke, please go outside.
Why are you worried about me?
I am in the house.
Mike was elected chairperson.
I thought you lived in Boston.
Paris is France's capital.
Tom's French is OK.
I'd bought it the week before.
What is the filling in these dumplings?
Don't be worried.
She pretended that she was sick.
There wasn't one student who was absent.
Once there lived a king whose name was Alfred.
The police will get you to find the bullets.
Please show me the green shirt.
Can you sing "Happy Birthday" in French?
Is there a problem with the motor?
He's very straightforward.
Mary won't listen to her friend's advice.
Can I get some drinks?
Tom said he'd be willing to do this.
"May I use this telephone?" "Go ahead."
Where is the changing room?
There are five Russians among the party.
He was too tired to go any further.
Could you please repeat that?
I haven't started anything yet.
I was late to school.
He was my student. Now he teaches my children.
I'd like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
No one knows her name.
Here's my drivers license.
Is this radio yours?
I think about it often.
I need your advice.
I'll be flying to Boston.
Why didn't you turn up on Saturday?
Switzerland is located between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
You're looking tired.
That's very rare.
Do you really need to ask the question to know the answer?
To kill two birds with one stone.
She’s waiting for you to return.
Busy right now.
He may be there.
Don't mess around!
I went there many times.
Sami feels so humiliated.
"Thank you for your help." "No worries."
We just want to find Tom.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
No one wanted to talk about it.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
I wish you a happy birthday.
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow.
I'm learning to drive at a driving school.
This makes me sad.
Welcome to Tatoeba!
Wouldn't you like to eat?
I gave him a call.
Could you do me a favor?
He knows this.
He always imposes his opinion on me.
We forgive you.
My credit card was stolen on the subway.
What he says isn't necessarily true.
Does she know your phone number?
I have mixed feelings about this.
It may be that the happiness awaiting us is not at all the sort of happiness we would want.
I am happy to have so many good friends.
The soldiers fought valiantly, but finally they had to give in.
Where is the wok?
Its level of modernisation far exceeded my expectations.
Is this car your friend's?
Is it always so cold here?
I don't understand its significance.
It's my habit to read on the toilet.
Do you go to church?
Tom and I aren't friends. We're just coworkers.
When I got up this morning, it was raining.
We have to stop the bleeding.
Be more aware!
I like this color as well.
I just knew it was you.
Tom wants a glass of water.
Pardon my being late.
The children caught butterflies.
What do you want for Christmas?
It's sort of strange.
Let's go by bus.
Why didn't Mary go?
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
You're thinking of unimportant things.
Give him some time.
Tom still can't read.
They used to smile at each other.
You mustn't park here.
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.
He received a grant to study in Germany.
Tom is a Canadian.
I can not do without this dictionary even for a single day.
Alice didn't see the dog.
No matter what happens, you must not give up.
"Who is in the car?" "Tom is."
I prefer spring to autumn.
What else did he say?
I find this book very interesting.
I haven't done very much this year.
Let's go outside.
He's very forgetful of things.
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.
We thought his threat was only a joke.
The student is working at sociology.
He was busy with his homework.
We'll deal with this problem in Chapter 3.
I've just been to the post office.
Look at the car made in Japan.
I don't blame you for doing that.
I looked for her.
Soon it will be Christmas.
He was proud of his daughter.
What does a Sovietologist research?
I love you!
Tom and Mary don't like dancing.
He was alone at the time.
What time do you have breakfast?
I sometimes dream of my mother.
Stop barking!
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
I know that Tom is allergic to bees.
Have you been to Australia?
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
I know I did an awful thing.
My mother is preparing breakfast.
We have reached a partnership agreement.
She has buried her only son.
I am at home.
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
I'm using a new computer.
The function of the brake is to stop the car.
She speaks Russian.
Did Tom break something again?
I can't accept this gift.
Everyone has the right to a nationality.
I did smoke when I was young.
Do you know whether she can speak English?
He can run faster than I.
"How was your exam?" "So-so."
I'd like to learn to play the piano, the guitar or the flute.
We sleep at eleven.
Who picked you for this mission?
I eat rice almost every day.
This is not a school, this is a hospital.
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
He likes to read the Chinese books his father wrote in the United States.
I need you here.
I will tell you their names.
I never dreamt that I would win first prize.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
Swimming makes your legs stronger.
Your bicycle is similar to mine.
She identified him as the murderer.
The police officers arrested the burglar.
I'm getting too old for this job.
I truly do not understand the question.
He's curious about everything.
I want a hug.
My father grew old.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
Don't forget to put the fire out.
No one knows why.
Oh, look, look! There's a big rainbow over there!
My mother's going to kill me.
Tom turned the handle.
Sociopaths like telling lies.
I'm going to have a shower.
I will work hard to contribute!
I remember meeting you before.
I'm looking for my cellphone.
You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
It's been two years since I started learning Chinese.
Our car broke down last night.
How is the weather?
All of the toys are wooden.
His room is always tidy.
Three children were playing in the park.
Please let me know your new address.
He is a man hard to get on with.
If Tom wants to stay, I have no objection.
She ought to have arrived by now.
Our task has been easy so far, but it will be difficult from now on.
He died aged 54 years.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
You've put your hat on backwards.
I'm afraid to fall.
Man is bound to die.
I'm sorry, without an I.D. you cannot receive a remittance.
I called at my uncle's house yesterday.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
They gathered about the fireplace.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and mistakes.
My friends and I often go to the bar.
The jar is empty.
You look just like your mother.
To tell the truth, I'd rather stay home than go out.
I especially love painting in watercolour.
Do you have any free time in the morning?
It's all one to me.
Tom has to go to the hospital.
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.
Love loves love.
Tom deliberately broke the window.
Where's the vodka?
This sentence contains an error.
Practice makes perfect.
That's really sad.
Tom promised me he wouldn't tell anybody.
I look forward to your next visit.
What you say is partly true.
I am on holiday this week.
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.
How do you relieve stress?
I can't sleep at night.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
We should not make too much of money.
Tom dragged himself out of bed and put on his clothes.
I had no time to eat.
Someone's knocking at the door.
Mari has been in Hungary.
Children grow up so quickly.
He likes to read the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year's Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called 'first time', which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
Is there anything that needs to be done?
Only four horses participated in the competition.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
Where did you study Chinese?
Tom knows how to play mahjong, I think.
Many people are allergic to peanuts.
It's pretty hot this morning.
How much does he earn in a month?
Which book is yours?
I'd like to be alone if you don't mind.
I want to go for a swim.
Here's how we do it.
What is your favorite movie?
Don't treat me as common people.
He doesn't lie.
Go ahead to the end of the street.
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
Did they live here?
I hired someone today.
May I use this?
Tom and I know each other quite well.
I come from Portugal.
He is one of my neighbors.
There is a book about dancing on the desk.
I was there last night.
People still think Tom is lying.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
It's not quite ready yet.
Don't do two things at a time.
He shook his son by the shoulder.
I'm going to attend the meeting.
You're walking too fast.
He is alone.
I don't have to go to work today and tomorrow, so I will use the opportunity to quickly finish moving it.
You're so bad.
I'm not denying it happened, but one example can't be called proof.
The comic downloader that I wrote will be released this Sunday.
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.
Why are you asking me?
She will be glad if you go to see her in person.
My room is very small.
I like to learn Chinese and English.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
It was absolutely brilliant.
Wash up.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
The storm abated.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
Nara is a very old city.
Your plan seems better than mine.
I applied for membership in the association.
I am reading the book.
That tie goes well with your shirt.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
Gold is far heavier than water.
This is very difficult.
Grandfather talked to me with a pipe in his mouth.
Nowadays mobile phones are very popular.
A man can no more become a woman than a monkey can develop into a man.
Please give me a glass of milk.
Do you read French every day?
Do you mind turning on the TV?
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
Here and now.
He is just passing the blame onto others.
I wonder which way is the shortest.
Are you Jewish?
The war ended in 1945.
We just now cleaned the toilet.
Tom knows a lot of people.
I plan to go there.
There's an important difference between talking "with" someone and talking "to" them.
Tom realized that Mary wasn't kidding.
I remember writing to her.
I forget your telephone number.
Let me give you an example.
I've heard this story before.
I have neither seen nor heard of such a thing.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
Tom and Mary were smiling.
I'm staying at the Hilton Hotel.
Don't flirt with the customers.
I'd like to talk about your situation.
Did you visit the Tokyo Tower?
She is as tall as you.
They stopped talking.
I still haven't found anything.
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.
I'm talking about them.
Things are not clearly defined.
I'm looking for an assistant.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
Only one person survived the accident.
He doesn't really speak French.
I've been to Australia three times.
That is no business of his.
The tree fell to the ground.
They cleared the street of snow.
His toy is blue.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
The method used for tests in Australia is not meant to be difficult for the people sitting them.
I've got wine.
Hello, I'm so hungry!
He's very honest, so we can rely on him.
I've already told Tom that Mary is in the hospital.
The price is double what it was last year.
Too expensive!
Are there reserved seats on the train?
The story was amusing.
More and more couples go on honeymoon trips abroad.
I think I'm going to faint.
We have more customers than we can count.
You must take his age into account.
Tom had trouble standing up.
This is the town where he was born.
You had better do it at once.
So much better!
From father to son.
Will you still love me when I'm old?
Tom said that he's considered quitting his job.
If you heat ice, it melts.
I agree with him on that point.
Tom fell down.
It's 18th June today, and also Muiriel's birthday!
Life is fun.
As a whole, the plan seems to be good.
Tom can do so much better than me.
Dima slept with 25 men in one night and then killed them.
I love music, particularly classical.
All aboard!
This is a very tall tree.
Am I dead?
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
I'm truly grateful!
Because of these trees, he can't see the forest.
He often brings his umbrella.
Has the mailman already come?
It won't stop raining.
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.
We had to make a decision.
Only four horses were in the race.
The glass is dirty.
I want to eat something else.
He was named Horatio after his uncle.
I would like to go with you.
Do you think Tom will show up?
Who doesn't know that if there's someone who loves showing off, it's him?
Would you like to know how I did that?
A cloud is a mass of vapor in the sky.
I'm glad we agree.
Bob can also drive.
Tom laughed.
This is the best restaurant known to me.
What is the exchange rate today?
I come from England.
The children's room is in bad order.
The weather is getting colder day by day.
I've seen that.
I'm going to miss Tom so much.
I'm doing this for them.
Is it all right if I call you Tom?
My wife often called me when I was travelling abroad.
Rome is one of the most ancient cities in Europe.
It is very simple.
Where will you go for the vacation?
There were a lot of people on the street.
That's how they learnt English.
He is Li Ying.
You should go.
He saw a pretty girl.
Your hair is beautiful.
We expect a lot from him.
We want two taxis.
Tom didn't seem to be intimidated.
We had a lot of furniture.
He's a good driver.
I don't speak Spanish.
The truck is gone.
This book is well written.
There is no other way.
You might as well come, too.
Tom likes being alone.
Life's a ruin without you.
His death was a great loss to our firm.
He commands the respect of a king.
Perhaps he missed the train.
The weather has been unusual this year.
He was equal to the job.
Physics is a fundamental natural science.
The can is empty.
I'd like some more water.
His eyes betrayed his fear.
He no longer works here.
During this process, I answered quite a few questions.
What's your favorite beverage?
How's life?
She attempted to kill herself.
His father eats there twice a week.
It's a good rule to look both ways before you cross the street anywhere.
My pen is new.
There is no sugar left in the pot.
I have a Twitter account.
Elephants are the largest land animals alive today.
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.
He played a minor part in the play.
Thanks to his help, my work is going well now.
Are you planning to take part in the meeting?
She always cared about my health.
The frame is worth more than the painting.
Tom might want you to help him.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
Whose birthday was it yesterday?
My mother made me a white dress.
I've got a headache.
Look at these two photographs - which one is better?
Can I come too?
Our teacher said that water boils at 100ºC.
Smoking is not allowed here.
Tom said that he'd leave the door open.
It'll rain for sure.
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.
I bought 24 pencils.
Alcohol consumption is higher in Eastern Europe than in Western Europe.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
This is a dog resembling a horse.
No day without a line.
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.
Many stars are twinkling in the sky.
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward.
I made other plans.
He prefers French to German.
Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
Now is a great time to buy one of those.
Tom said that he didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
I need that as soon as possible.
He couldn't get the job.
Are you sure you just want water?
I remember it well.
He looked at me in surprise.
I have all suits made to order.
Must I stay in bed?
I have been a keyboardist at a local band for three years.
Where is your father?
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
So many languages, so little time...
He's behind the times in his methods.
What cold drinks do you have?
Who else has a key?
He has left now.
Mary had been knitting for an hour when I called.
It's too noisy in here.
Your skirt is very cute.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
My mother happened to be there when the fire broke out.
The light was on.
Tom loves singing.
You look as healthy as ever.
He repeated his name slowly.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran for it.
I told Tom that I thought his house needed to be painted.
I like coming to Boston.
Tom seems eager.
Mercury is the smallest planet in our solar system.
She said she's no expert.
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.
It's a cold day, isn't it?
As soon as I've finished doing that, I'll help you.
I like the cold.
You could've answered that question.
My mother made me a Christmas cake.
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up with you.
If you want to keep meat for long, freeze it.
I gave her her dictionary back.
He is burning with anger.
They attacked the enemy.
You should have shown him the device.
She squeamishly wrinkled her nose.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
He named his son James.
Mariko's parents are strongly opposed to her marrying an American.
He is giving his whole attention to that.
Do I look as if I'm rich?
It isn't broken.
Tom felt cold.
She was very afraid of him.
What prevented him from coming?
I didn't know that she was ill.
This late?
Police shouldn't take bribes.
They say that they like doing that.
I do not know whether to take it as a compliment or an insult.
A timely snow promises a good harvest.
Tell me the meaning of life.
Who is listening?
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
I like rugby, but not as much as I like basketball.
Tell Tom what Mary asked you to do.
I like jazz.
I am married.
Passengers became nervous when the plane began to vibrate.
Life first!
Are you through with the work?
You can't fight a good fight with such a defeatist attitude.
She makes a living writing.
He didn't listen to music.
I can't remember how to say "Thank you" in German.
Every day is a sacred day.
Stand aside.
When the counter value reaches the assigned 'lucky-number' it displays a congratulatory message.
Did you call your friend in Canada?
I was ashamed of my behavior.
This is the first time I've ever made a mistake like this.
This is anything but easy.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
No fewer than 50 passengers were killed.
I can introduce you to my friends.
I was blinking.
I should say he won't come.
The clothes shop just after Li Ming's house.
Are you sure of this?
My friends started the trip three days ago.
Can you guess what I have?
I kind of like him.
Sami's car was at Layla's house.
Will we also still go to the park even if it rains?
It was a calm winter evening.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
Though he is wealthy, he is not happy.
Tom studied French for a few years.
You look very delighted.
He's a cheat.
What time is it now?
We have four French classes a week.
You may choose any of them.
How many sandwiches are there left?
They don't teach you that in school.
Mary has told me she wants to write a book.
Next week I have things to do except on Monday and Wednesday, I am free on all the other days though.
It's raining non-stop.
They were afraid of the big dog.
I saw Tom having an argument with Mary.
Do you want to know?
I'm willing to share.
There is a beautiful park near my home.
I called her up.
Please don't send me messages.
We had three tries and failed each time.
What did it cost?
A great many people attended his funeral.
Half a million children still face malnutrition in Niger.
My mother is making a cake.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
I do not get up early.
We need directions.
My stomach has been hurting.
April is the time to plant trees.
Wow, you're so lucky!
Underage drinking is a crime.
My older sister plays the guitar well.
I have to go meet with Tom.
I knew you'd be furious.
What newspaper do you subscribe to?
Sami hates Layla so much.
What a dictionary says is not always right.
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.
I'm sure you'll succeed.
I believe Tom is right.
A day has twenty-four hours.
I'm feeding my baby.
Tom applauded.
When I was a child, I spent most of my time indoors reading.
We don't do that together as often as we used to.
Keep a good heart and go on writing.
Tom helped us all.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
You will soon get accustomed to living here.
In the end he achieved his objective.
The old magazines are all sold out.
I'd like to go to bed early tonight.
You need to see a doctor.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in years.
The story approximates to historical truth.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam.
I worked a lot this week.
The world today needs to advance its production of food.
Your Japanese is good.
It's too dark to play tennis now.
He was busy when I called him up.
She fell in love with her friend's younger brother.
Does anyone else have any advice?
May I use your telephone?
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.
"Thanks a lot for letting me play with your Xbox." "No problem dude, knock yourself out."
Tomorrow is Saturday.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
She talked a lot.
I stopped smoking for the sake of my health.
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.
French isn't Tom's native language.
This microscope magnifies objects by 100 times.
I am using a new computer.
Nobody knows.
Paul is an only child, but he has a lot of cousins.
For many gay men, coming out of the closet is a difficult experience.
There's enough time for a quick snack.
Love me!
We asked him what he was called.
The library is on the 4th floor.
Tea or coffee - which would you like?
Both sisters are lawyers.
He ignored the existing laws.
The boy gathered a handful of peanuts and put them in a small box.
We have to sing at an old folks home today.
Every situation is an opportunity given to you by the universe. If you know how to make the most out of that situation, do it. It will be a wealth that lasts you a lifetime. If you missed out, gave up, or didn't even attempt to take advantage of the opportunity, the universe will set this chance aside for the next person, in a different time and place. But what's most important is that you lost precious time. Understand what you did wrong, and control the present. Then with proper restraint, if you can dance, dance. If you can sing, sing. If you can be wild, be wild. If you can be lively, be lively.
I'm sick of English.
Seeing those tasks, I did not feel the burden.
He is old enough to travel alone.
I'm afraid of dogs.
Don't worry about this.
Monday is Tom's thirtieth birthday.
I spent thirty dollars on a book.
Will he be here soon?
Ouch! I bit my tongue.
The car is too expensive for me to buy.
They say that she was born in Germany.
It will soon be daybreak and I have to leave.
When does the next train leave?
Father set the alarm for six o'clock.
Thanks to you I've lost my appetite.
We stayed overnight in Hakone.
After hearing the news, she cheered up.
Some of the crew were drowned.
I can play piano.
My mobile hasn't got any signal.
He doesn't smoke anymore.
We buy eggs by the dozen.
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
Are you awake?
This is the book I read after finishing my homework.
This will never happen again.
I wanted to go, but I forgot.
Are you married?
In my opinion, happiness has a few fundamental requirements.
Honesty is a virtue.
Southern men, Northern women.
You need a large vocabulary to read that book.
You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
Sing!
Excuse me, may I have a spoon?
Tom is your buddy.
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Due to the lack of water, many of the plants have withered.
My uncle runs a hotel.
Everyone knows that Tom speaks good French.
May I go to the bathroom?
You should leave now.
Your suggestion is worth considering.
The forest is teeming with monkeys.
I don't have time for reading.
The year of the snake has begun.
How much are entrance tickets?
She sings very well.
A plate of pulao with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
What did he look up?
They send their child to a part-time nursery.
No hard feelings!
World War I broke out in 1914.
He gathered his toys together.
His toys are blue.
Do you know how to dance?
I haven't seen her for a long time.
He is still here.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
There is no end to his complaining.
He came several times.
Saving energy can reduce the emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.
Could you show me that necktie?
I had sore legs the next day.
I caught a cold and was in bed yesterday.
He focused on his studies.
She managed to drive a car.
He hasn't come already, has he?
It's all your fault.
Who asked her to come?
Love is the miracle of civilization.
Have a look!
We came in through the back door lest someone should see us.
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship.
My parents have just arrived at the railway station.
The pharmacy is near the hospital.
I'm waiting for this store to open.
He was an intelligent and practical man.
Which of these two do you think is better?
We have arrived!
I'm sorry, I didn't hear you.
This is a wig.
I work for an oil company.
Even his servants despised him.
I didn't know that the cost of living was so high in Australia.
It's my money.
He teaches us English.
The others are leaving. What do you say we wait for them to go away and talk for a while?
Almost two weeks went by before John recovered from his illness.
I'd like to see your sister.
He often comes to see me.
He set fire to his own house.
Don't worry. Tom will come.
Tom is hammered.
You've walked into a trap.
We don't have time to debate.
He currently works in the UK.
Would you pass me the salt, please?
Sami is not a bad person.
The car isn't worth repairing.
This statue is as large as life.
Where is the mailbox?
Have you given Tom everything?
I heard that Tom attempted suicide.
Helen and Kathy rented an apartment in a suburb of Tokyo.
I'll be going to Australia next week, but I'm not really looking forward to it.
My name is Hopkins.
How long will you be in Japan?
Don't wait.
Where is the cat?
How do I use meal tickets?
Were you on time for work today?
Tom wanted to know where he could buy turmeric.
She came to see us yesterday.
It is bad manners to make a noise while you eat.
That was my mistake.
I'm crazy about football.
Yes, he lives here.
Why aren't you listening?
Can anyone smell smoke?
He made use of every opportunity to become famous.
We elected her chairperson.
How do you account for your absence?
I'm happy whenever I see him.
I wish I were an only child.
You don't have to be so nervous.
He acted like a madman.
John is very proud of his new house.
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Nobody can refute that fact.
I study English for one hour every day.
I don't know what we will do.
One who has everything can lose everything.
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.
That kind of person will definitely fail.
Modern healthy eating experts put emphasis on eating wholemeal bread and eating more vegetables.
His speech won the immediate applause of the audience.
At any rate, we have no means of helping him.
Maybe we should talk.
That's very big.
I want a sword!
I can't see anything either.
A policeman ran past.
I'll be on duty this Sunday.
We go to the theater once every two weeks.
I don't like school.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
If I tell you not to run around, would you have any comments?
You don't think he has many faults?
I would rather live by myself than do as he tells me to do.
When does the bank open?
Anna is twelve years old.
Your clothes are extremely beautiful.
I thought that you were listening.
I'm a dog.
We promise you we'll never do it again.
Do you still work out?
Tom was tired.
This book is less large than that one.
What is Tom so afraid of?
I'm job hunting.
He's quite the talker.
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean.
A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy.
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
He caught the traveler's diarrhea.
I want to completely understand you.
"How do you feel?" he asked.
You shouldn't associate with men like that.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
Water, forests, and minerals are important natural resources.
He married her for her money.
If you don't understand, ask.
I'm getting dressed, after which I will take my breakfast.
He is married to an American lady.
Everyone was just flabbergasted that she was able to get pregnant at 48.
I know Tom is watching me.
You have bad breath.
We need to find Tom as quickly as we can.
How do you know about that?
She made tea for me.
Work hard, and you will pass the examination.
Mary isn't really sick; she's just pretending.
Women are people.
Music is inner life, and he will never suffer loneliness who has inner life.
Tom is very smart.
The lightning lit up the sky.
A proper test does not allow the use of correction fluid.
I don't think that anyone was satisfied.
He was willing to work for others.
Do you have small ones?
This is strange.
The man turned out to be a private detective.
If he doesn't come, what will you do then?
Come whenever you want.
There's nothing that can be done.
He likes to travel. I do, too.
I ran as fast as I could.
Will you hold this seat for me?
Only a few TV programs are worth watching.
From a distance, this stone resembles a person's face.
You need to go.
There has been no rain here for the past two weeks.
Everything's changing.
Compact discs have entirely taken the place of phonograph records.
Have you ever been stuck in a lift?
I can understand your position perfectly.
You have nothing to fear.
I awoke to find it snowing.
We have no choice but to risk it.
You may be right, but I am against your opinion.
You're coughing, better bring a scarf.
Do you have a petting zoo area?
He wants to be a scientist in the future.
She made me a cake.
I bought a pair of leather gloves.
Come what may, I will never leave you.
She fell of her horse.
This engine consumes the most oil.
I thought I'd dropped something.
He backed us up during that incident.
Have we seen each other before?
Karlo has the ability to understand and create.
I am eating rice.
If it rains tomorrow, we will go there by car.
I cannot tolerate his actions.
Who can tell me what a tragicomedy is?
The dog waited day after day for its master's return.
Tom died in the battle.
I waited for him for more than an hour.
Mail this letter.
I accept the offer.
He kept reading the Quran for months.
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
I think watching TV is a waste of time.
When you've finished reading this letter, burn it.
What do you think about having breakfast at McDonald's?
The dream has come true.
He was a millionaire not long ago.
I can only describe the terrible smell as vomit mixed with rotting flesh.
Let me give you a lift as far as the station.
Tom followed Mary into the room.
Who is that woman holding the flowers?
Where did you take your socks off?
Do we know you?
I was unable to leave home last Saturday, with my mother being ill.
I go.
Xiao Wang followed my advice and quit smoking.
How much does a kilo of bananas cost?
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She visited the house several times.
Stop yelling!
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
The street is illuminated by many lights.
How much money do you have?
I'm watering the flowers.
The dog couldn't bark.
You really should've come.
Due to lack of manpower, we need more time than expected to handle this task.
What happened on the bus?
Let's go for a walk after it stops raining.
Have you had lunch yet?
We didn't recognize each other.
I believe Tom is very cool.
Anna has forgotten what it means to be happy.
Do you often travel abroad?
We work to earn money.
He has been devoted to the study of atomic energy ever since he graduated from the university.
This is a collect call from Mr Nakamura in Osaka. Will you accept the charge?
You are always late.
That flower smells sweet.
He has a great fondness for music.
My friend invited me to go out to dinner.
John is more intelligent than Bill.
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
Six times three is eighteen.
I bought her a new car.
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
Some go to school by bicycle, others go by bus.
I love my country.
The door is closed.
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.
She is learning pole dancing.
No matter how often I tell her, she keeps making the same mistake.
I got up earlier than usual to catch the first train.
Tom hid behind his mom when I said "hi" to him.
This doesn't seem normal to me.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know.
Forgive her.
I had a wonderful time.
Stay down!
Hello, Tom.
Some boats are on the lake.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
In a few minutes we'll be landing at New Tokyo International Airport.
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
Sadly, I have to wake up early every day.
She made jam from the apples.
He's in the hospital right now.
Give her a moment.
I am homesick.
Tom is shallow.
We won 6-2 in today's competition.
He is independent of his parents.
She took advantage of my ignorance.
A fire broke out the day before yesterday.
I don't want to go alone.
I'm definitely going to quit smoking!
Just as the body needs exercise, so the mind needs stimulation to stay healthy.
Oh, there's a butterfly!
You have to do it by yourself.
I'm your partner.
She's like her mum.
I bought my house two years ago.
The old man lived there by himself.
Her boyfriend is Turkish.
I've heard that Mary wants a divorce.
The cat didn't move a muscle.
I'm working too much.
It will become much warmer in March.
The room key, please.
She followed him home to find out where he lived.
How did the cat manage to climb on the roof?
His eyes were filled with tears.
You must be careful in choosing your friends.
Eating dim sims is a bad habit.
Don't turn up the volume of TV anymore.
Tom has absolutely no enemies.
This book looks interesting.
I was in Tokyo yesterday.
Why don't we order the pizza?
Mrs. West is busy getting breakfast ready.
I think she's an honest woman.
He's the boy we spoke about the other day.
How did you like Linda's concert?
He is very busy writing stories.
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
He's not my boyfriend. He's my brother.
Let's take the subway.
What's the answer to my question?
Tom said that he didn't like his new job.
His son wants to be a lawyer.
Tom couldn't read very well until he was thirteen.
I know you're going to say no.
I usually get up at eight.
Every now and then they clash over their differences.
What do you think is the second tallest mountain in Japan?
The Earth is smaller than the Sun.
Is this your notebook?
He's not a hero.
It's snowing heavily.
My hobbies are driving and playing the guitar.
Can you tell us where we are?
The cement will set in a couple of hours.
These are all languages of the Altaic language family group.
There are two bank cards in the wallet.
Turn left at the next corner.
I am taking Tom on a boat trip tomorrow.
Is this legal?
Tom seems quiet.
It seems to be unstructured.
He told his son an interesting story.
Please wait until I come back.
Please take the pillow and blanket and give them to me.
I plan to break up with her.
The bank doesn't open on Saturdays.
Tom is retired already, isn't he?
I'm from Kyoto.
We heard him come downstairs.
He changed the channel.
She is usually at home on Sundays.
There is absolutely no reason that you should even attempt to speak with the Chinese girls, or at least these ones. They're so rude!
It snowed.
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.
Come and help us.
He was born and brought up in Tokyo.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
I have two children.
You look pale today.
Will Jane sing?
I arrived at Narita the day before yesterday.
The price is not reasonable.
She missed the deadline.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
The library is one of my favourite places.
I'm busy because the finals are drawing on.
His English is better than mine.
I don't consider Tom my friend.
I am familiar with the author's name.
Please don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
Democracy encourages freedom.
I'm waiting for the store to open.
I'd be thrilled to do that.
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.
Turn back if you want to see her.
Are you sure Tom can do that?
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.
Tom said hi.
I'm looking forward to your visit.
Why don't you listen to his advice?
I have no secrets from you.
Did you ever have a recurring dream?
Tom is sick.
I want to believe in Tom.
He could only watch.
I got bored with his long talk.
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.
I hope Tom can do what we asked him to do.
It is seven o'clock.
A car stopped at the entrance.
May I ask some questions?
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
Lidia has straight blonde hair.
Things are always more complex than we think.
Why should I give him money?
Both those students passed all the tests.
You're dreaming.
She was happy to come, but she was on holiday.
The country had been devastated by long war.
John will not answer the question.
It isn't far from here to there.
Could you translate this sentence?
He is now either in Rome or in Paris.
Who's Tom waiting for?
I'm not afraid of death.
We try.
Japanese high school students go to school 35 weeks a year.
Is death the only release?
I have some time, but never very much...
Wash your face and hands.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
You have two books.
She gave him something hot to drink.
Why didn't you lock the door?
He caught her by the arm.
I have never eaten Chinese food.
What does he do for a living?
Speaking foreign languages is not easy.
I love garlic!
I'll call you as soon as I can.
I had no choice.
Don't you lie!
Tom has known Mary since childhood.
My English is perfect!
I come from China.
I haven't done that since last year.
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.
The committee meets twice a month.
We can deliver within a week.
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.
I bought a new computer last month.
The bus stop is near our school.
Your home is such a mess! When was the last time you cleaned it?
How do you interpret these words?
We're going to be here all day.
I think it true.
Well, I can cross that off my bucket list.
Their son's name is John.
I thought I was doing it your way.
In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!
When we started, we thought that we knew everything, but we later discovered that we did not.
He thought of a brilliant idea.
Any one of us could do it.
I've been up for a while.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
When I'm sad, my friends encourage me.
Which do you recommend?
You should pay the doctor a visit.
I'll tell you the truth now.
I'm very busy this week.
The danger has not passed yet.
I don't get up early.
You will soon get accustomed to your new school.
When did the fuel gauge stop working?
Because he is wealthy, he can go there.
This baby is really cute!
She is still under age.
Take care.
My house has two flights of stairs.
Did anyone come in my absence?
I think so as well.
Your name was mentioned.
The Swiss keyboard doesn't have a ß.
At one time Nigeria was a British colony.
He was at a loss for an answer.
There are many books in my room.
Watanabe is my family name.
I had a little on the plane, not much.
He is glad to hear the news.
Tom doesn't need any money now.
He is very much ashamed of having behaved so badly.
Tom confided in his friend that he was going to hang himself.
She didn't have much money.
Prices are rising.
We walked along the shore of the lake.
The end product is worth ten times the value of the materials used.
You have beautiful legs.
The Japanese people have renounced war.
If one person's qualities are really good, say this means they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty. Inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points, but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
Tom and Mary spoke on the phone.
Did you show it to your parents?
Am I pretty?
Stop worrying.
When will you be free?
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president.
If I was you, I'd study.
We've come to the conclusion that this is a true story.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don't know how to lose.
I don't wanna go back.
The more public the work, the more criticism you receive.
The weather in the capital is rainy.
Perseverance, as you know, is the key to success.
The fact is that he didn't even take the exam.
He is afraid of his father.
Can I see this one?
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
It started raining.
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.
He came home late last night.
There is no water.
He might not be happy.
Who cares when she gets married?
Occasionally I play golf.
AI stands for artificial intelligence.
Has Tom already cleaned his room?
It is, even now, a book loved by men and women alike.
Far from eye, far from heart.
Do you write?
The church is close to the school.
We celebrate November 28 as Tatoeba day because it is the day when Turkish, Esperanto and Greek were added.
Even children can read this book.
January is the first month of the year.
He painted all the walls green.
This medicine may cure him.
The boy made his parents happy.
What's the purpose of your visit?
She named all the flowers in the garden.
We need Tom back.
She bought a Christmas present for him.
Her charm is beyond description.
I hope your parents will allow us to get married.
It isn't as easy to do that as people think.
They had a good command of French.
She's my type.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
We like snow.
Hey, look, a three-headed monkey!
I want you to use your imagination.
Ann is a little girl.
That box is bigger than this one.
I like people with a sense of humour.
Are you good at speaking French?
His acts of courage brought him glory.
How long are you going to be in Boston?
My wallet was not stolen by him.
The young man is both capable and energetic, needless to say.
Everyone in the room was stunned by what happened.
Does your new computer run well?
My wife wants to adopt a child.
Whose umbrella is this?
Ann likes music very much.
How much did you pay?
There's a cat under the desk.
That's against the rules.
Do you speak French?
I wonder why she is so worried.
I have to take a test tomorrow.
Tom is bluffing.
That person doesn't want to do anything.
The Japanese have dark eyes.
It doesn't matter what he said.
I'll show you how to catch fish.
You're the one who suggested that we travel together.
Your tie has come undone.
You are good.
Why can't Tom come to us?
She twisted her ankle while she was doing exercise.
Junior, why don't we go into a group together?
Tom is a journalist.
What did you have to eat?
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased.
Mummy has to do the washing this afternoon.
He knows almost nothing about that animal.
Tom runs very fast.
I constantly went over this problem in my mind.
Run.
I know I will win.
You're very brave, aren't you?
The man ate the bread.
For the sake of long-term interests, we have decided to sell the development department.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
I am not mischievous.
She cried throughout the night.
Tom was a little overweight when he was a child.
Can you play the key of C minor?
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
Be careful driving or you'll have problems.
I can solve the problem by myself.
They are jealous of our success.
That's a no-entry zone.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
There's only two days left.
I don't know where your umbrella is.
What do you think of him?
You're quite right.
She is older and wiser now.
The enemy approaches the town.
It'll take an hour to get there.
She is wearing a hat.
They are wearing couple socks.
People are not willing to lend money to people who aren't trustworthy.
Tom and I have known each other for a long time.
Welcome to France!
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.
It looks like today will be a long day.
The regrettable thing is that he didn't even play at his highest level in the finals.
Learn a bit more.
Good luck on the exam!
It looks like it'll rain today, too.
Choose any one from among these.
Many Jews were expelled by the Germans.
I heard him play the piano once.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
Tom asked Mary to buy a gift for John.
Scientists have not found a method yet to cure cancer.
We've just met.
What a sad man!
Can I say something?
I would like to go to the concert with you.
Tom was unhappy because she wouldn't ask him anything.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his keys.
That's what I think, too.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
You talk as if you knew everything.
Everything's changed.
He confessed his guilt.
"Get rid of it, of course!" answered the farmer.
I don't feel very good when I haven't eaten breakfast.
The sky is covered in black clouds.
Tom isn't used to walking barefooted.
My friends are all really nice.
The value of the yen has soared.
I'll help you escape.
Tom is a clever kid.
Run hot water into the bath.
This jacket is a little too big.
How are you going to get home?
Did something happen?
Any bed is better than no bed.
My wife called to me, "Your phone is ringing. Hurry up and answer it!"
I know everyone here.
Nobody's perfect.
This place is large, isn't it?
Linda likes chocolate.
Robert enjoyed talking with his girlfriend.
I just wanted to check my email.
It isn't as difficult as you think.
You shouldn't say that kind of thing when children are around.
The cat is under the table.
What was your childhood dream?
It is a very sad tale.
She is getting better day by day.
It is no use arguing about it.
Don't be so sharp with the children.
He is sure to accomplish his purpose.
Where?
We don't have any more sugar.
I wish you had told me the truth.
I want nothing to do with her.
This is a good textbook.
Not needed at the moment, thank you.
I love that book.
I didn't do it alone.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
Let's play baseball.
That was really unfair.
Study in the library.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He took me for some other person, I'm sure.
Winter is my favourite season.
I can speak neither English nor Spanish.
Where else should we go?
Do you own a gun?
Tom fell off his bike.
Mary is prettier than me.
They've sold their house and car in preparation for leaving the country.
I have to do a lot of things.
You must compensate him for the money he lost.
Due to total Russification in Belarus, the Belarusian language is on the brink of extinction.
It's food.
Tom said that he didn't like air conditioning.
You are a dog.
Tom made a bet with Mary.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
Except for cats, I like animals.
I can come at three.
She has a son and two daughters.
Do whatever you want.
I'll give you this pendant.
Tom works at the local supermarket.
He's a doctor.
The taxi picked up two passengers.
I am not wearing any underwear.
What you said is totally accurate.
I bought a kite to give to you.
My dream is to study Dutch in Amsterdam.
I am interested in Asian history.
Tom has a gray car.
I have a good appetite today.
People say that the fox is more cunning than other animals.
In England, parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
More often than not, she had to go in person.
My sister plays the piano every day.
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
I met her on a certain winter day.
Our real life friends may sometimes bore us, but the friends we find in books would never do that.
When did she go to Mongolia?
I don't know about the others, but as for me, I'm for it.
It took us half an hour to set up the tent.
This is a small border town.
Would you like to go?
I came to know this from some reliable sources.
I've just spoken to your French teacher and he says you're doing well in his class.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
It's too large.
My brother is as tall as me.
I don't have any sisters.
They will not pass!
He showed me her picture.
John is my best friend.
I don't understand why Tom brought you here.
Can you make it on time?
He can play computer games as long as he does his homework.
It wasn't in Vietnam that I learnt Vietnamese.
Is Tom with you?
I lost the watch dad gave me.
Sami is in his bedroom.
This is Cao Cao's trickery.
No one knows when a severe earthquake will strike Tokyo.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
Tom often walks to school.
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I hit him in the belly.
Excuse me, what time is it?
There are a few shops next to my house.
He can't do this kind of work, and she can't either.
Tom says he needs a nap.
It's dangerous to swim here.
Tom seems to be a fairly successful businessman.
I'll do it tomorrow.
No one can tell the reason.
We must keep our hands clean.
He eats a lot.
Ally loves playing with her twin sister Anne.
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.
I can't wait to see you all in Boston.
It's not mine.
He painted a picture of a dog.
I promised to help my brother with his homework.
The scenery of the city reminded me of London.
His laziness is a bad omen for the future.
No one was injured by the bomb.
Don't you think the name "The Sacred War" sounds a bit sarcastic?
Tom followed.
Who brought me here?
Tom follows orders.
Hey, get those balls back quickly.
Tom found a skeleton in the cave.
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet.
My parents are from China.
The first attack missed the target.
I prefer to forget the past.
He's staying with his uncle.
Did you bring any books?
There's a basket under the table.
This pen is mine.
He slipped over on the ice.
A hot bath and then bed.
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Is his story true?
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.
Had they known what was about to happen, they would've changed their plans.
It's fun to speak in English.
A lot of students around the world are studying English.
Tom knows what he has to do.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.
He spoke.
Unbelievable!
With your approval, I would like to offer him the job.
Toss it into the rubbish bin.
Have you done your homework?
Don't touch the wound.
Can I carry this on the plane?
Mike said a few words by way of suggestion.
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth.
Alister killed Barbara.
My car is not red, it is blue.
He confessed that he was guilty.
Tom drank some juice.
I speak Lakota.
If you want to use Chinese characters, be sure you've saved your files in the UTF-8 encoding.
The girl wore a yellow ribbon in her hair.
This is the first time I've ever grown a beard.
He's rather handsome.
World War II was carried on until 1945.
I suggest you do that by yourselves.
The groom works for a company now, and the bride is our teacher.
How many caves are there in this area?
The Japanese at large consider themselves better off than they used to be.
Is there a cat on the table?
I think you'll come to like it, too.
What room would you like to reserve?
What's for breakfast?
I’d certainly like to go and watch a film, but I’m not sure if I have time.
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train.
Are you a Muslim?
This is the house where I used to live when I was young.
That little kid is quite bratty.
Louder.
She looks sickly.
He is too drunk to drive home.
Who is the woman in the brown coat?
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
Tom and Mary have a very good relationship.
That is a beautiful place.
We're having an office party tomorrow.
Among the audience, there were students, teachers, clerks, and so on.
Don't mix up comets and asteroids.
They furnished the library with many books.
I'm a private English teacher.
You're not going anywhere until your room is clean.
Mary is very aggressive, isn't she?
I really don't believe so.
Lie down and make yourself comfortable.
The town is situated 1,500 meters above sea level.
I asked him to help me.
The problem is solved.
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
Where's the telephone book?
Allow me to introduce Mayuko to you.
Are you studying English?
Tom has to go to work.
It's delicious.
They knocked down a part of the wall.
Tom knows it's over.
Who broke the window?
What is the total amount of money you spent?
I'm sorry, but the only thing I know how to say in this beautiful language is this sentence.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
Do what he says.
Tom doesn't have any idea why his wife left him.
This medicine doesn't have side effects.
Lock the gate.
I will obey.
Christmas is soon, right?
Rocks are beautifully arranged in the Japanese-style garden.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
I cannot overcome my repugnance to eating snails.
This book is popular with students.
When will it start?
The train slowed and blared its horn as it approached the railway crossing.
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."
He is going to be an engineer.
I want to take a bath.
I am going to Osaka station.
Please remember to mail the letter.
I sort of understand.
Can I eat this?
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
You're invited, too.
I don't like sushi.
There was a sudden change in her tone.
This cartographer is famous for the precision in his maps.
Do you offer any all-day tours?
We know it's difficult, but please don't translate literally.
We ridiculed him because of that thing.
My parents aren't old yet.
"It's so hot today." "Absolutely, even hotter than yesterday."
He is American.
How long had you been sick before you saw the doctor?
I have a laptop.
Where's Lebanon?
Tom is different from Mary.
Who benefits from it?
Tom overslept.
She was not a very good pianist.
French women are beautiful.
You are not to leave this room.
Let's take a short break.
Tom bought a new notebook.
Could I see you a minute, please?
What have you put in there?
Using only "Tom" and "Mike" in many sentences is very strange.
Tidy up the room.
The grass looks nice.
Reading a book can be compared to making a journey.
The game was called off on account of the rain.
He was not able to open the box.
What is the meaning of this phrase?
Even though she is dieting, the chocolate cake still tempts her.
Totoro says: "I can't speak Chinese."
Does Toshio like Sachiko?
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
My grades are above average.
Tom will come for sure.
What does a Sovietologist study?
It's a very serious illness.
Let the reader judge.
I don't know how to say this in Japanese.
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
The outcome of the test shows that the system has already fulfilled all design requirements.
I'd wear a helmet.
What made her so angry?
The contest has very strict eligibility requirements.
I will post lots of pictures, so it will be like you were there with me.
I'll come and see you at 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.
This store sells old books.
That is mine. I don't know where yours is.
I was afraid that I might get fired.
He went bankrupt.
They took off my clothes in front of her eyes.
Her father devoted his life to science.
The bank is closed.
It's an Italian name.
Do you like to gamble?
Tom went over and sat down next to Mary.
I have to say no.
His son is eight years old.
Few people are free from cares.
I am used to hearing the train pass by my house.
Sami found Layla's e-mail address.
Country life is very peaceful in comparison with city life.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji three times.
My favorite flavor is chocolate.
Don't forget to clock out before you leave work.
The cerebellum requires continuous blood supply.
Should we change the server?
You don't have to help us if you don't want to.
Some people must be friendzoned.
Not even our fingers look alike.
My family went to the zoo to see pandas last Sunday.
She gave us some useful information.
Have you finished your homework yet?
He's a meth addict.
Can you lend me your bicycle?
May I go to the restroom?
How long will it stop there?
My father is Li Gang!
Stop bothering your father.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
Something is starting to happen.
Our country must develop its natural resources.
What does it mean?
I'll deal with this problem.
He got the book down from the shelf.
You look tense.
Reboot the computer.
Boston is a great place to raise kids.
Shouldn't Tom be doing this, too?
This author doesn't understand at all why a man and a woman who can't become lovers would become friends.
I'm surprised that you're so naïve.
How long will you be staying here?
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
Hurry back.
I got my decayed tooth pulled out.
Hold it with both hands.
I prefer to take the train rather than the bus.
I'm living the dream.
I'm eating fruits because I'm hungry.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
The drowning man grasped at the rope.
I wonder what he's up to.
Are you sure that you want to go there?
She has painted the door red.
Is this a newspaper or a magazine?
There's a lot of animals in the park.
She is learning both Vietnamese and English.
I think Ann loves Jack.
I need a friend.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
Father is very healthy.
Welcome to Aracaju.
Taking off is easier than landing.
Not choosing is choosing already.
He could pass the examination, could not he?
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
The Moon isn't a planet, but a satellite of the Earth.
The oranges in this bag are rotten.
I don't know how to spell the word.
The university was founded by his father twenty years ago.
He's at his desk.
Could you give me a discount?
What is the minimum wage in Georgia?
Their arsenal is very powerful.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
It's too late, the bus has already left.
He didn't use to be like that.
It must suck to be you.
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying.
The tree had been blown down by the typhoon of the day before.
May I speak to Mike, please?
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
Must the woman always play the secondary role?
What a huge dog!
Everyone ignored him.
Tom seems to be much happier than me.
He's Jackie Chan.
She has dropped out of school due to health issues.
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
Tomorrow we will welcome the first intern.
Reading is my past-time.
His mother is sitting to the left of him.
Choose one person.
I know what you meant.
I'm the only one who can do that.
There's no doubt that he likes taking walks.
Where were you yesterday morning?
Where's the nearest telephone booth?
I want to go talk to them.
He tried to defend her.
It's in the internet, so it must be true.
Since I had a cold, I didn't go visit him.
People have been buying me drinks all night.
About how many hours does it take to get to Australia from here?
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
Everything is normal.
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.
He’ll say if he doesn’t agree.
Bill is seldom ever on time.
I only have one candy left.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
In that age, men and women wore similar hairstyles.
I have a dog and two cats.
He stepped into my space.
Her clothes are worn out.
Where is your school?
I don't know when he got back from France.
Where is Tom from?
It never rains but it pours.
He walks his dog every morning.
He took off his shirt.
I love my family very much, they are the most important people in my life.
She has been to Paris.
Well, let's get going!
My life was worthless.
She wrote 5 novels in 5 years.
Can you teach me to fly?
I played tennis yesterday afternoon with Tom.
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.
The hillside had torrential flooding from the west.
The fish tasted like salmon.
I think we'd better wait another thirty minutes.
That cat is happy.
How far is it from here to Ueno?
He came home three hours later.
My sister goes to a university.
Now you're part of my life.
She felt insecure about her future.
It seems easy enough.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
She's about the same age as me.
Bring him to me.
My mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
He can run faster than I can.
A bear attacked Tom.
I will call you later.
She rushed home with the good news.
The teacher has a great influence on his pupils.
I want to go to Tokyo.
He bought me a nice camera.
He was alone there.
He is going to drive you to the airport.
Love me little, love me long.
Lions, wolves, elephants, and horses are all animals.
Never shall I forget the sight.
The car is ready.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
Seen from space, the earth is very beautiful.
Several factors operated to help prices go up.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
You have the right to know.
Don't get agitated. It's nothing.
She's a nurse.
"Hello, people of the world!"
I'm still single.
Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.
Tom dozed off during the meeting.
Is Tom there?
Now, what do you want me to do?
You should eat a little.
It would be better if you stayed here a little longer.
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don't even try to study it.
You have to clean your room.
During that era, the fate of doctors was in the hands of people who did not understand medicine.
If you used the time you spent complaining practicing your basketball, then maybe you would have stopped complaining a long time ago.
"What time is it?" "It is ten-thirty."
This place has everything.
You smell sweaty. Go and have a shower.
Many of the immigrants changed their names.
I was able to answer the question.
I asked her to wait a moment.
Tom is awfully sick.
Please read out page 49.
How long are you going to be in Oxford for?
The razor made a buzzing sound.
Careful as he was, he made an unexpected mistake.
Did you ever try?
Industry as we know it today didn't exist in those days.
Tom used to work here.
His wife is one of my friends.
All cats are grey in the dark.
Do you guys want something to eat?
There is a mistake in the sentence.
I'm suffering from a bad headache.
What do you need the money for?
Are you alone?
I'm quite satisfied with my life.
Nature is full of mystery.
The English ambassador demanded to meet with the President directly.
How long do you plan on staying here?
He lost his cinema ticket.
I feel like this isn't going to end well.
Waitress, I'd like to order.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
Do you smell smoke?
Don't keep me waiting.
I cannot speak English, much less Spanish.
A math teacher says, "With a calculator, the child can reach the right answer, but have no idea at all how he got there."
He often complains that he has a toothache.
See what the baby is doing!
Check Tom's pulse again.
If there is already an account, there is a system by which you are able to send and receive email.
I can't conceive of living without him.
He worked too hard and destroyed his health.
He's living abroad at the moment.
This game got rigged.
I am indifferent to others' opinions.
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
Go on home.
The mirror was shattered.
She has returned.
Maybe he will be a good teacher.
I like taking walks in nature.
Bon voyage!
That accident was due to his carelessness.
We should've been more careful.
At last, he arrived at the Well of Despair.
That won't happen.
Our school was reduced to ashes.
Tom and Mary are both going to be OK, aren't they?
He sent the letter back unopened.
I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
The underlying causes of the problem are widely known.
You can relax on the grass, but don't trample it.
You can talk, but you need to listen to me, as well. I also have the right to speak.
The fire that broke out last night was judged to be caused by arson.
To live without air is impossible.
The volcano has erupted twice this year.
In order to do that, you have to take risks.
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority.
Kentaro is staying with his friend in Kyoto.
There is no water left in the bottle.
We should approach this problem from different angles.
What is it made of?
He said that you had better go.
I come from Colombia.
They hate you.
At seven I'll be back.
I don't know why they are fighting.
I'm sure we'll find a solution.
You've gone too far!
Where's the rope?
To tell the truth, that actor is married.
You are apt to be forgetful.
Everyone in the town knows about it.
Do you want anything to eat?
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
In the afternoon I must arrange for the trip.
I know my limitations.
How fluently he speaks English!
The Geneva University Library has a good reading room.
You can't "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
I'm very uncomfortable around children.
I can't put up with the noise.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
It begins at six-thirty.
Please hold on a moment.
The mooncake is a kind of Chinese snack.
We're all going to die anyway.
He graduated from high school this spring.
Tom grows strawberries in his garden.
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own.
I fight for my family.
Did you ask the price?
I go to the library two or three times a week.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
Paris is the capital of France.
That's not a knife. THIS is a knife.
I've learned so much from my mistakes, I'm thinking of making a few more!!
I want something to eat.
What do you two do for fun?
I just saw Tom.
He asked me to do what I can to hook them up.
I had difficulty working out the problem.
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
I eat an apple.
Is there a supermarket near here?
The story concluded abruptly.
I'm extremely tired.
Ken was fined 7,000 yen for speeding.
He came to Japan when he was a child.
I cannot bear this pain.
Were you looking at him?
Thanks, I'm full.
I can't believe Tom is really planning to do this.
She turned down his invitation.
He tried to make his wife happy, but in vain.
Why don't we go home?
I provided him with food.
We'll be ready in time.
Why did you come here today?
Ken's uncle has a big chicken farm.
I don't think that I'll be able to get there on time.
We tried to stop him.
Sit down, Kate.
Hope to see you next time I'm in N.Y.
How long have you two been together?
Many cars passed by.
Who told you Tom couldn't do that?
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Do what he tells you.
Have you a dictionary today?
Is your father Spanish?
My grandfather can't hear very well.
He invited me to his house.
I want more detailed information.
He's a doctor by profession.
She dived into the swimming pool.
We all caught flu, and so did the teacher.
I'm looking for my cell phone.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
They believe in a life after death.
Birds build nests.
A spider has eight legs.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
There was not a cloud in the sky.
He works hardest in his class.
We were very tired at the time.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
Take things a little more seriously.
Found it, it's over there.
The sightseeing bus ran through a long tunnel.
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
Excuse me, do you speak French?
I get up at six.
My father walks.
There's nobody in the building now.
I was right behind you.
Leave the room as it is.
I am going to start learning Latin.
He sometimes has trouble expressing his opinions.
Have you answered that letter yet?
I didn't know you were watching something.
You have to make a reservation.
Everybody is alive.
He went to New York on business.
I'm going to study harder.
They sometimes help us.
Let's go out now. It isn't raining any more.
When I woke up, it was snowing.
It makes no difference who I meet.
If you need anything, let me know.
I don't know whether he is dead or alive.
What is important is not how many books you read, but what books you read.
That patient may die at any time.
Mayuko wiped a table with a cloth.
Throw it out.
Who's the man who spoke to you?
He sings treble.
I am ready to die. I hope it's not too uncomfortable.
I got to know her in France.
The prisoner was behind bars for two months.
Tom wasn't wearing shoes.
I have everything that I need.
All you have to do is take advantage of this rare opportunity.
He is a tennis player.
I forget where I put my hat.
She was listening to music.
Did any cute girls talk to you at the bar?
I've finished eating.
What are the origins of the Olympics?
Benjamin shot a bear with a rifle.
He has a dog.
I want your photograph.
Have you got a fountain pen?
My name's Jack.
All the workers went home save one.
Two students are absent today.
When does the next train for Shanghai depart?
Today I want to eat something light.
The man matches the description.
He grew up in Australia.
What time did you get to bed last night?
The cause of the fire was unknown.
I wonder if you understand.
What're you doing?
I was fired without cause.
Japan is famous for Mt. Fuji.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
He has a hard time remembering names.
Tom's comment was inappropriate.
I don't think we should do that.
Children should drink milk every day.
He's a newcomer.
We couldn't see the top of the mountain.
I clapped.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
How much did the glasses cost?
My beer was finished off by my room-mate.
Many people make similar mistakes.
The policeman grabbed the boy's arm.
Will he be able to catch the train?
I warned her.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
My mother never gets up early.
She gave them some apples.
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter.
Tonight we are planning to go to the concert.
Hello! Minghui.
I'd also like to have a try.
Since he didn't know what to say, he remained silent.
In case it rains, I won't go.
You shouldn't eat too much candy.
When she saw that they had no schools, she started one.
Buy some milk on your way home.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
That's just how I am.
She goes to the dentist regularly, so she seldom gets toothache.
Sundays I don't go to school.
I don't want to wake up the children.
A car passed by at top speed.
I'm telling you the truth.
I had intended to go there.
Did you forget to lock the door last night?
I currently live in Beijing.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
She has a house by the sea.
Why do so many people visit Kyoto?
If you need a dictionary, I can lend you my old one.
Mennad stole Baya's sunglasses.
When we arrived, it was already dark.
Something's really weird here.
You can only use it once.
My mother hates the summer heat.
Is there a hospital nearby?
He could've protected her.
I don't live with my brother.
The beauty of the scene was beyond description.
Let me make you some tea.
Just follow your heart.
The quality of salmon being sold here is the best.
Will you drive me home?
Jack collects stamps.
Those are my pants.
You know exactly what I want.
I haven't eaten Chinese food in a while.
How can you do this to me?
He tends to be late for meetings.
Please come back as soon as possible.
They spoke to me.
Glory to Ukraine!
Roses have thorns.
This bed is heavy.
The camel can go a long time without water and food.
If she knew his phone number, she could call him.
She won the public speaking contest.
Those two ideas are quite distinct.
Have you gone nuts?
He promised not to tell anyone about it.
This desk is used by Tom.
I can't walk, but I can definitely hobble.
The light suddenly went out.
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
Yikes, wait a second!
Drop the knife!
This doghouse was built by Tom.
The accident was brought about by his carelessness.
What do you say to dining out tonight?
Tom didn't take his shoes off.
His death was great shock to his wife.
Mr. Smith has arrived.
I have lost the key.
I'll just sit here.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
The parcel arrived sooner than I had imagined.
You must make up for the loss.
The children are afraid of Tom.
What's Australia's largest city?
There's a policeman at the door.
When are you going?
It's going to rain this evening.
I often go to the movies.
Potatoes are one of the most common foodstuffs.
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
Thanks for the clarification.
Small businesses will have to tighten their belts to survive.
Why can't I find you?
We're fellow countrymen.
That's to our advantage.
I met Tom for the first time three days ago.
His wife is our Italian teacher.
I ran as fast as I could to catch the train.
Yes, I'll come at once.
This road will lead you to the airport.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
What has become of her son?
Haven't I told you not to call me "Tom"?
Please send me a letter.
He and I have been good friends since we were children.
Don't run risks.
Living in the city is really different to living in the country.
I wear contact lenses.
The customer did not come.
He drank a cup of coffee.
You are leaving, then, are you?
I'm looking for a small suitcase.
I advise you never to live beyond your income.
I can't hold with such a politician.
In many countries, buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
Sami was trying to get help and nobody would help him.
Don't worry so much.
They decided to build a bridge.
I will finish it by tomorrow afternoon.
My knowledge about Japanese is not that good yet.
He speaks English and French.
Houdini was a famous escapologist.
Playing golf is great fun.
Betty came last.
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?
Do you have a cell phone?
His health has enabled him to succeed in life.
Correct the following sentences.
I work here.
You may come if you like.
The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
It's all the same to me.
I give you a steamed bun to eat.
He is two years older than you.
The child caught the cat by the tail.
He is on the road.
Love is blind.
Can you move this desk by yourself?
Tom clenched his teeth.
Can I call you Bob?
I want to live in the city.
Have you been a doctor for long?
I'm not a doctor.
He had to leave the village.
During the holidays, some university students go to Africa as volunteers and help to perfect local wildlife conservation.
He lives just around the corner.
She doesn't like to sing a sad song.
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
I'd like to be a guitarist.
I wanted to smack you.
She made a man of him.
I like lyric better than epic.
China has a growing middle class.
I don't have enough time to eat.
I have never been to Europe.
What did you guys go see?
I have a lot of flowers. Some are red and some are yellow.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
I'm still confused.
We will never give in to terrorist demands.
I'm running a little short on time, so I can only go out and buy flat bread and bread sticks.
I need it for the parking meter.
They are digging a hole.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
My uncle has three children.
Ken seems to have a terrible cold.
I lent Tom a book about Germany.
Please keep your language decent while my parents are here.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
They don't need a reason.
I want to eat ice cream.
Tom took off his reading glasses.
Which browser do you use?
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
This is very expensive.
The sale prices are written in red ink.
I've got a friend who lives in London.
Boys, don't make any noise.
John is two years older than I am.
You should have started an hour and a half ago.
I don't feel like eating anything.
The war began three years later.
He suggested to us that we should stay.
My stomach is growling.
He got wet from the waist to the knees.
I smell something here.
Hot and humid weather makes us lazy.
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning.
I love to dance.
Tom will be busy at this time tomorrow.
How old is your son?
Paul, do you think we can make it to the airport on time?
Tom said he thought that would probably never happen.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
You have to hurry.
A dog runs after a cat, and the cat after a mouse.
Be nice.
Let’s go to the movies!
Your smile always makes me happy.
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities?
Do you have an English menu?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
He met with a traffic accident.
I do not always return home on Sundays.
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
Do you live here?
Tom helped Mary buy everything she needed.
I find words with concise definitions to be the easiest to remember.
Life is so complicated.
I haven't seen her since then.
We want to go to Beijing and Shanghai.
Shall we rest a bit?
Layla cast a spell over everybody she met.
I am not acquainted with him.
You're no prize yourself.
I'm listening to the radio.
We're journalists.
John's two years older than me.
Tom is no longer angry.
You just don't understand.
If geometry is the science of space, what is the science of time?
You'd do that if Tom asked you to, wouldn't you?
I envy him.
How's it going?
He's a professor at the National University.
My sister is too young to go to school.
His answer depends on his mood.
I have a big dog.
She plays the piano very well.
I don't know what is worse.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.
He won't be coming here again.
You are taller than her.
I like short hair.
I consider myself fairly fluent in French.
Sometimes, Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB.
He has lived off his parents for ten years since he graduated from college.
He went over to the other side.
There was no water in the river.
I was born in Kyoto.
His daughter has become a pretty woman.
Your boat is not big.
What's not necessary?
Zombies eat brains.
I exercise to relieve stress.
It was in Kyoto that I first met her.
Tom could've called the police.
They must be waiting for you.
Can you hear me?
Everybody is laughing.
Last summer we went to Hokkaido.
She was very old and ill.
Don't you think it's strange that he's not here?
He will go to New York next month.
A fallen tree obstructed the road.
Please listen to me.
Since then he has put his soul into his work.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
These questions are easy to answer.
The baby started to cry.
A lot of trees grow in the countryside.
No one can stop time.
Yes.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
When do you need it by?
He is quickly recovering from his cold.
It works now.
What have you done with my bag?
Tom can't find his bag.
The island abounds with rivers.
I worked hard last month.
He hasn't yet turned in the report this month.
Time passes quickly when we're doing something we like.
Tom isn't feeling very well.
He was handed a red card for starting a fight with the other team and as a result, their team lost.
I'd like to have breakfast with you.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
Even if they have a good wine menu, I will not want to dine here.
The modern version, which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao, was first developed in Shanghai after 1900.
I am injured.
Pardon me for coming late.
Tom will try and stop me for sure.
Here I am again.
Am I supposed to help Tom?
Can you do that by yourself?
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it's simpler than you think.
Do you need help?
John got up much earlier than usual.
Is Tom hurt?
The girl greeted me with a smile.
The bird is in the sky.
Have you ever been to New York?
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
When I was 10, my brother left our home.
He did nothing wrong.
He left high school at seventeen.
They make frequent trips to Europe.
Take care when you cross the street.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
I'd rather be with you.
Oh! This is so cute!
It depends on the context.
I have mislaid my baggage.
Musical talent can be developed if it's properly trained.
What would you like to do while you're here?
I can't put up with that noise any longer.
I see you found your bag.
I haven't met him.
My head hurts. Maybe I should take an aspirin.
I'm friends with him.
Don't understand.
I think Tom will likely like this movie.
Prices are going up.
You should give up smoking and drinking.
I'm a member of the tennis club.
I wrote down her phone number.
Tom is still just a boy.
He entered the army.
He was aware that I was around, but didn't come to greet me.
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.
Give me the book.
He is always asking for money.
They like to sing.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.
Go with them!
I saw her today.
Tom loves doing this.
How would you define "happiness"?
Did you phone Tom?
Let's pray he turns out to be a fast learner.
I destroyed all the evidence.
His father is Japanese.
You can't be a blood donor.
I asked twenty people to my party but not all of them came.
My sister's name is Patricia.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
I don't go anywhere on Sunday.
There is a TV in this room.
My vacation went by quickly.
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
Nancy is the most beautiful of the four girls.
Refugees poured in from all over the country.
Is Monday OK?
I think he may be a lawyer.
There isn't a single cloud in the sky.
I tried to tell you.
His encounter with her is enriching his inner life.
Many people envy Tom's success.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
We were very tired.
I'm looking for my phone.
That's very handy.
Go up the stairs.
I can't put up with it.
The countryside has many trees.
Did you buy it?
Is there anyone here?
The smoggy air of Beijing makes me feel gloomy.
Thailand is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos.
What is the password to your computer?
Tom is still hospitalized.
Thermometers often go below zero.
I always feel blue on Mondays.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
Do you feel like going swimming?
They named their child Thomas.
Don't waste your time.
I went to sleep about 10 o'clock.
Excuse me, do you have any of these in your store?
Did an insect bite you?
Not all internet browsers are safe.
Tom can't read.
Why don't you give me a few suggestions?
He has a cold.
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
I don't have time to meet up with you.
I don't want to read this book.
I'd like to change my reservation.
I've got a big cock!
My room is twice as large as yours.
We have few opportunities to speak German.
All of this stationery is his.
All I want is my freedom.
Reality and fantasy are hard to distinguish.
I can't do with his arrogance.
"There's an apostrophe missing. It's and its are different." "I know. It was a typing error."
I can hear someone singing.
Mrs. Hughes, this is Peter Brown.
You're never satisfied!
When was the last time you spent time on Facebook?
Tom's not going to be happy.
Gimme three.
We must get up at dawn.
It's been raining since morning.
It's raining, but I would like to go out.
Julia sings.
I've decided to become an engineer.
Please show me your bag.
"It's so huge!" "Yes, it's an IMAX screen!"
We debated on the question of world population.
This couch is very comfortable.
I found a pot in which there were several old coins.
She's sure to succeed.
Could you please repeat it once again?
This morning, I woke up yet again to the sound of crying children.
I believe Tom will do that.
Do you have any allergies?
You like classical music, don't you?
He is drunk.
She is always trying new things.
We're here!
Can you play the dutar?
I like curls.
Who knows where he has gone.
The lion is stalking its prey.
Tom's older than me.
They invited me to play cards.
My bag was stolen.
He picked up a red stone.
I like tea.
You are not a coward.
I have almost no money with me.
You'd better leave now.
I think you're the only one who needs help.
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
My brother died of cancer last year.
All of the students were present.
Giant pandas live only in China.
We should have told him the truth.
There weren't many visitors spending their vacations on the island in April.
She is a good swimmer.
We must leave immediately.
I went on reading.
If you are not willing to speak, then you do not have to answer.
I'll call you up tomorrow.
Please answer all the questions.
This is a green fish.
I sell clothing online.
She set the bird free from the cage.
I see you're all awake.
I've never told anyone about this.
Who would be its next victim?
What time does your office let you go home?
If you are not going to the concert, then neither am I.
At last, John and Sue decided to cut the apple into halves.
He didn't speak to me at all.
The devil destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
My heart stopped beating.
She is sick.
She just came home today.
Do you prefer red or white wine?
He's not as tall as you are.
Do you want this T-shirt?
Did you ever see a whale?
Tom's funny.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.
She owns two thousand books.
I'm sure Tom won't have any trouble finding us.
It is true that he got full marks on the test.
I see a book on the desk.
The girl didn't like to wash dishes.
How do we get out of here?
How often do you have to see the dentist?
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on.
Can you give me a street map?
I don't think he is sincere.
That's too expensive!
Hand me the remote.
Tom drank heavily.
You should know that's impossible.
I know that you still miss me.
I'm a college student.
She wants to go to Beijing to further her career.
I am getting a cold.
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.
You and he are both very kind.
You will soon get used to Japanese food.
He's very wise.
Tom thinks there's hope.
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.
I'm sorry, I can't stay long.
Alaska is a U.S. state.
We watched the soccer game on TV.
Tomorrow, I'm going to study at the library.
Are they criminals?
We watch TV every day.
He is washing his car.
Betty killed your mother.
This piece of music is way too difficult for me to play.
We want to go to France.
You may disagree with me.
Facebook is boring.
I don't like these remarks.
He seemed to be getting thinner every day.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
I want to see your older sister.
Maria's father is easily influenced.
The cause of his death still remains a mystery.
He is proficient in Farsi.
He's interested in many things.
She answered my letter right away.
Did everyone do the homework?
Have you finished your work?
Hang on.
We made an agreement to meet exactly at ten.
Which do you like better, rock music or classical music?
I hope Tom loses.
It's too loud.
Recently, this brand launched a series of limited edition underwear.
Keep children away from the pond.
Can I have a cup of tea?
It would be nice to have a party.
Tom is making a lot of money.
We had an early lunch at school.
Straight ahead, right?
I'm afraid to go alone.
I am afraid that I shall not be free till the examination is over.
I have no homework today.
Is that thing yours?
Mary is having a snooze after lunch.
We're drinking tea and waiting.
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.
If you find a bad wife and get married to her, then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later.
They have a secret understanding between them.
You'll do that today, won't you?
He didn't understand me.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp pain in my stomach.
Escape from reality.
It's a lot of fun.
I can't explain it now.
Is there a shorter road to get there?
"I dreamed of you yesterday." "Seriously? And what was I doing?"
Let's get off here.
Flour is made from wheat.
Please don't feed the wild animals.
They had a rest for a while.
I am not applauding them.
The light is green now.
Do I have to answer all of the questions?
This road is terrible.
Linda came home late at night.
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.
I promised Tom I'd eat with him.
She helped an old man cross the street.
You can't achieve anything without effort.
My name is very rare in our country.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
Though wounded, they continued to fight.
It's a little scary.
If you don't eat, you die.
Deal us the cards.
He complains all the time.
You shouldn't deny the validity of everything she did just because of a single mistake.
That's her boyfriend.
Is her German good?
Mother applied the medicine to the sore on my knee.
I didn't want to come here.
The plan is workable.
It's thundering outside. I'm really scared!
They live in peace.
My e-mail address has been changed.
Miss Wang has a trace of obstinacy in her, but she is still a good student.
What is your favourite song?
I'm not really sure what Tom meant.
Have you read this book already?
My phone was out of order.
Chechens have inclinations towards independence.
I can't even read Italian, let alone speak or write it.
To rule a country is no easy task.
You're terrible.
I know it was just a dream.
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
The matter has not been settled yet.
You lied to me, didn't you?
I'm cold.
He carried out the scheme faithfully.
What's that doing here?
Our plane took off exactly on time at six.
Participate!
They have English lessons three times a week.
I've never eaten Chinese food.
We started at six.
She spends as much money as she earns.
Tom looked pretty healthy last night.
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon.
The world is full of dumb people.
He's not always at home on Sundays.
Hi, my name is Omid.
This clinic is doing laser surgery.
I love brinjal.
We didn't get an apology.
The milk has gone bad.
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law.
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Originally, I knew nothing about it at all!
Have you finished doing that?
Don't look down on him merely because he is poor.
Why are you in such a hurry!
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don't put on weight." "Just now, this second, you've made enemies of people throughout the world."
She told us not to make a noise.
What's your name?
Why do you need it?
They won.
I played tennis in high school.
She walked with her head down like an old woman.
Where do you use Esperanto?
How do you like it?
The news article painted the defendant as a guilty man, even though he had been proven innocent.
Leave my camera alone.
What's causing it?
I don't celebrate my birthday.
Did he get here last term?
She graduated in 1996.
"Does he like music?" "Yes, he does."
Tom pretended he was a doctor.
She says you'll bring some friends along.
You must not be late for school.
Green plants can make their own food.
You look very happy this morning.
It's up to you to decide.
You should start as early as possible.
I ate three pieces of cake.
I am from Africa.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
Did you call me up last night?
Nine o'clock should be O.K.
She's eight years old.
Strange.
My father made me wash the car.
Language is one of man's most important inventions.
What happened to him?
Everyone was OK.
"Who is he?" "He is Jim."
I can tell you're tired.
Will it be Saturday tomorrow?
There's a table or two over there where we can talk.
She lay awake all night.
I suggest that we go out on Friday.
Come quick.
This application is awesome.
Put this sentence into English.
He is very much interested in Japanese history. We are surprised at his vast knowledge of the subject.
Be careful. It's very sharp.
What's your husband's name?
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.
That boy threw a chunk of stone.
I'd love to be able to tell the lady who cuts my hair that I don’t like bangs.
Tom just shook his head.
Is it safe to skate on this lake?
She lies here beside me.
There are no live animals in the museum.
What pain are you trying to cover up with alcohol?
The union and the company have agreed upon a new contract.
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.
Are you sure that Tom is in Australia now?
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.
Knowledge is power, but it is power for evil just as much as for good.
No, you misunderstood.
It is hard for me to chew.
What's your occupation?
Tom is part of the LGBTQ+ community.
Let's take the bus.
There is a position available for a secretary.
The audience was largely made up of very young children.
What are your hobbies?
Tom went to Boston to buy a painting.
Jack, how many sons do you have?
Tom told Mary something she didn't want to hear.
Thank you very much for lending me $500 when I was having difficulty making ends meet.
I know someone who might be able to help.
Do your best in anything you do.
Please, give me the biggest pineapple.
Tom is able to swim well.
Which day is fine?
I live every moment for you.
Chaplin was visionary.
I had nothing to do with that incident.
It's only the most capable who do the work.
She was in tears.
I just got bitten by a mosquito.
You should consult your doctor.
The jury's guilty verdict gave rise to widespread debate.
What're you watching?
I can't stand that noise.
If we don't keep walking, we'll be late.
The sky is clear.
He's much younger than Tom.
I have no idea when that'll happen.
I'd like an air-conditioned room.
I want to have my own room.
We need to go.
That's a good idea!
What languages are spoken in America?
He didn't flee.
Everyone was okay.
Tom appeared on television last night.
I don't know when he returned from France.
We live near the large library.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
I feel like you don't really care about me.
Did you see the rainbow this morning?
Mom, I'm hungry.
Tom was delighted by the idea.
We should classify them before throwing them out.
Please bring a glass of beer.
Tom wasn't surprised to see me.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
A policeman came up to me.
I thought he was going to fail the exam, but he passed after all.
Did you meet Tom?
There were 20 failures among 50 applicants.
They'll be taking turns teaching the class.
Our school's principal is very old.
I'll have the same.
He is a stickler for principles.
Tom picked up the jar and read the label.
If you're going to say it, you have to say it with force, and take away your opponent's ability to retaliate.
You didn't need to take a taxi.
Dan has to learn to think for himself.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
I have some very good news.
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts.
I bought this yesterday.
I have a little fever.
You have a choice of black tea, coffee, or milk.
You are screwed.
Call me if you discover anything.
I gave all of the Chinese proverbs back to the teacher.
Tom built his own motorcycle.
That's how it is.
So I thought my date, er rather, offline-meeting was going to be just me and her but things aren't that easy.
One of my suitcases is large, and the other one is medium.
Are you married or are you single?
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
I ate a hasty lunch.
One year has twelve months.
Coffee ends a meal.
I knew you'd come.
She flipped her lid immediately.
I had to do that to survive.
Since I have today off, shall we play a game?
Tom flirted with Mary.
I have to do laundry while it's still sunny.
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
My heart was filled with happiness.
A dog does not eat a dog.
I'm feeling pretty happy.
Please write with a pen.
From a strictly scientific point of view, history cannot be called a science.
We love Dad.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
What do you want to get Tom for Christmas?
He's smart.
He likes to go out on horseback.
If we ever came in contact with an alien race, how would we communicate with it?
I want to go eat an ice cream.
Tom was a nurse.
It is easy to answer the question.
He changed his will.
I'm no longer your assistant.
Ah! Snow!
He zipped his bag shut.
I don't like you anymore.
I'll never violate a law again.
Has your phone connected?
I didn't go to school last month.
Will it rain tomorrow?
I'll buy him a pencil.
I wouldn't buy that for Tom.
She hated bats.
Has she finished her work yet?
The strong wind indicates that a storm is coming.
Can you describe to me the difference between black tea and green tea?
I prefer riding to walking.
Give me three pieces of salmon.
My brother swims every day in summer.
You've got a lot of willpower.
Where is my book?
You can bank on that.
Your success excites my envy.
The boy lay listening to the radio.
We are boys.
I love Hitomi.
She attempted suicide.
We have a half-dozen eggs.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Where is the exit?
Please call me Taro.
She looks a lot like her mother.
Please wait till he comes back.
Tom said he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.
Then how about this: 1500 a month.
Tomorrow I will be set free.
Don't sign the contract in pencil.
What is your home phone number?
He seems to have told a lie.
It's not hard to understand.
What are you trying to imply?
All his energies were devoted to the experiment.
You all didn't come.
Summer is over.
The train stops at every station.
I feel very sick.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
They bought the same camera as you.
Even though he had a cold, he went to work.
I am a nurse.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
He nodded encouragingly.
There are two bottles of red wine on this picture.
Tom won't tell Mary the real reason he did that.
No, I don't want to go.
I'm sorry that I didn't make myself clear.
We built a fire on the beach.
I'm only thinking of you.
It is easier than I thought.
People's emotional lives are becoming more and more unstable.
He weighs more than 80 kilograms.
I was mistaken for a salesman.
Computers seem to play the role of the human brain, so they're often called "electric brains".
My life would be completely empty without you.
Don't worry, it will come out all right.
You're reading too much into things.
He was absent from school on account of illness.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
The table was covered with dust.
Please keep this a secret.
Our company's technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
Tom meant it as a joke, but nobody laughed.
Nowadays many women have a job.
Mandarin, English, and Arabic are all examples of the world's most widely spoken languages.
Today we can go to distant countries easily by plane.
Time is up.
I'm not the least bit interested in physics.
Have you ever shaved your legs?
I'm going to see what I can do.
No one ran ahead of him.
I like working here.
Spring is here. It is getting warmer every day.
I watched a great movie yesterday.
In the winter, many older people slip on ice and fall down.
My friend died from a wound.
She read an amusing story to the children.
Some people say, regardless of whether it is a black cat or a white cat, if it can catch mice it is a good cat. However, nowadays ordinary people rarely ever have mice. Therefore, how can a cat be a good cat?
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.
Tom had a bad accident.
Their goal and activating main idea was indeed brotherhood and justice among the peoples.
Well, let's go.
Many of the workers died of hunger.
Mom wakes me up for school every day.
I've never climbed this mountain.
Tom really doesn't like you.
She spread the butter on the bread.
Do you remember the day we met?
He used to live here.
Tom is a high school student.
How did you know I like Tom?
Are you sleepy?
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street.
"Shall I have him call you when he gets back?" "Yes, please."
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.
I'm out riding my bike.
We are here in the name of Jesus Christ and King Charles.
Please help me fill out this form.
Tom admitted killing Mary.
We don't want anything from you.
A sociopath is cold.
How long have you been learning Korean?
The fishing boat which had been missing made a safe return to port.
Tom pushed his way through the crowd.
I only had a piece of toast and a cup of coffee this morning.
She killed herself yesterday.
The investigation is under way.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
Two years ago I could not play basketball at all.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
A bike path collapsed in Rio.
I only hope it's not too late.
Tom is a good friend.
This saying became popular overnight.
We drove to Hakone last Sunday.
Glass breaks easily.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
Is he Japanese?
Toss it in the trash.
April 2nd is World Autism Awareness Day.
That man pushed her to the side.
Tom is from Australia and Mary is from New Zealand.
I love her all the more for her faults.
Whatever are you doing here?
We met in Xi'an.
You're contradicting yourself.
Tom was Mary's only child.
The players sat and listened to their coach give them a pep talk in the changing rooms.
My native language is Japanese.
We can see a church over there.
He came at three in the afternoon.
Masaru wants to join the English Club.
Whether you like it or not, we have to do it that way.
Man proposes, God disposes.
The next train arriving at platform 2 will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
I graduated from Kyoto University.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
It's bedtime.
He used to get up early.
It'll soon be time for dinner.
Give me a little.
We also like this.
She is a very correct lady.
I went shopping last Saturday.
May I call around 2:30?
He was covered with mud.
I'm the one who wants to be with you.
Please don't cry.
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.
It's snowing today.
I didn't want to surprise you.
I like that purple shirt.
He failed in the examination for lack of preparation.
Help me make a list.
You can speak French, can't you?
I'll get in touch with you soon.
I'll wait till four o'clock.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like camping.
Look out! There's a truck coming!
I'm not a junior high school student.
They took our passports.
Yes, it's just this.
Is Beijing hot?
I screwed up the very first note.
That girl playing the piano is my little sister.
Have you been well?
Lend me some books to read.
The train is in.
That isn't right.
There's nothing I can do now.
Everything you saw was an illusion.
Is it serious?
Who wrote these poems?
Why would you appear in my unit?
Someone came.
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate.
I've never been this happy before.
However hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
I walked as slowly as I could.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
Do you like eating fish?
He was wet all over.
He never drinks alcohol.
We have to have fun somehow.
My cholesterol is high.
He behaves as if he were insane.
You don't need to be afraid of making mistakes.
I eat fruit and drink water.
Without music, life would be an error.
That part was easy.
This is the house in which she used to live.
For some reason I couldn’t select unifont even though I’ve installed it, so I had to build dmenu with the xft patch to get Chinese menu entries displayed correctly.
My child is sick.
He won't starve.
I need some help with my work.
I'm sure you'll love what we have on the menu tonight.
Tom has just finished washing dishes.
Tom already knew the truth.
This apple tastes sour.
Life is a sexually transmitted terminal disease.
I haven't been back to Boston in years.
I began playing golf years ago.
I can't go along with you on that point.
She showed him the photo.
The mail train lost most of its mail in the fire.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
Her father made her tell him everything.
Tom and Mary have both decided to stay.
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.
In the past, Turks felt like foreigners on this street because so many international tourists were here.
It's almost time for the train to arrive.
I'm very sleepy.
The pyramids were built in ancient times.
And you know why? Because of cats.
This isn't difficult.
Summer vacation? What does "summer vacation" mean?
Upon seeing how ridiculous he looked, everyone could not help but laughing.
I contacted my parents.
I'm expecting someone.
This restaurant is particular about cutlery.
Where is Tom now?
Shihai is carrying a Chinese grammar book to go to Teacher Wang's place and ask questions.
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
Merry Spring Festival!
What're your plans for the weekend?
Where's the changing room?
It doesn't make sense to me.
I made the decision by myself.
Tom should have arrived by now.
Do you think they noticed?
Take a deep breath, please.
Will you have a little time this weekend to help me with my French?
His daughter is a nurse.
Don't tell me you didn't know.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
Where do you place the stress in the word "Australia"?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday.
I've arrived.
I'm going to check.
I'm going out for a while.
I am going to stay here for a couple of days.
In front of the train station there's a bank.
You should have accepted his advice.
He came and had dinner with us.
Dan's home phone was tapped by police.
He woke up earlier than usual today.
Stop saying trifles! Focus on the main point.
She's worried about your safety.
This store is opened at eight.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
Do not read during the meal.
We have to do our best.
Carol gets up early every morning.
How about a cup of tea?
The weather is really great!
We went to the mountains to ski.
We could go skating if you like.
I got him to paint the fence.
Tom is very good at doing things with his hands.
Junko is a pretty girl.
I am ready.
Tom and Mary are both good teachers.
You're the most important person in my life.
She doesn't listen to her teacher.
Do you have the source code?
We've just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
"How are you?" "I am fine, thank you."
She made the same mistake as before.
You can probably guess what happens though.
I did not recognise them.
Tom doesn't want to come.
Have you changed your profile picture recently?
I couldn't answer all the questions.
Is there a quiet corner in here where I can study?
There's an alley behind my house.
I am from Kyoto.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash?
Please take good care of yourself.
Holy cow!
But it's too expensive!
It's your favorite song.
Close the door before going to bed.
I really want to eat some daifuku.
Life is hard, but I am harder.
Are you Tom?
He is capable of teaching Spanish.
He won't beat me.
I'm too old for this world.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
A lot of our mistakes come from a lack of patience.
This baby penguin is too cute!
The food was very good when I was last here.
This is what Tom would want me to do.
Tom tried to push the door open.
Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
He sometimes watches TV.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
It is already five, and I have still not gone to sleep.
Tom has to stay behind.
Mastering a foreign language calls for patience.
I knew he would accept.
They love each other.
Yesterday was Sunday, not Saturday.
The train leaves at one-thirty this afternoon.
Draw a straight line here.
I can't do any better.
Everyone's used to calling Shanghai "Módū" and calling Beijing "Dìdū".
If you're tired, go to bed.
Where is the train station?
We have one of your friends here with us.
You are always to knock before you come into my room.
After searching and asking around, they still couldn't find a suitable place.
How tall is your brother?
He admits being involved in the scandal.
My wife bought a new pram.
There is no salt left.
The dog, wagging its tail, followed its master.
I asked him about the accident.
It has been ten years since I came here.
He went to Berlin last year.
During the 15th century, the Ryukyu Kingdom was a tributary state of Imperial China.
Please speak as slowly as possible.
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
I visited many parts of England.
Have you slept?
The universe is limitless.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
Tom is not here.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
Are you satisfied now?
I feel like another beer.
I don't know when spring will come and when the flowers will bloom. It was still snowing this morning.
His hat isn't on straight.
What are the points of interest here?
Mother will be furious for sure!
This is your key.
Please stop crying.
I know you hired Tom.
I really like this song.
Betty murdered him.
My room faces the garden.
At last, Mario managed to win the princess's love.
At that time, I was still taking French lessons.
Well?
I gave them clothing and some food.
Out of these cakes, I like this one the best.
The game will probably be called off.
Since I didn't know what to say, I remained silent.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
Regardless what you may do, the outcome will still be the same.
Hang your clothes out to dry!
He narrowly escaped being killed.
I have lived here since I was a boy.
What's Tom given us?
We play football every Saturday.
Am I pregnant?
We have a really good cook.
Was it cold last night?
He is able to swim quickly.
I haven't had time to look for what you wanted.
Tom studies philosophy at college.
Ueno is the station after next.
My brother has become a priest.
Many goods are now transported by air.
He achieved success in many fields.
Where are the plates?
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on both cheeks.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
Leave this to me.
Is death the only possible exemption?
I'm afraid that you'll have to go in person.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
What's your favorite web browser?
He walked before me.
Are you freaking kidding me?!
I took Highway 58.
There are four seasons in a year, and the one I like most is summer. How about you?
Say hello to Tom.
My dream is to become a firefighter.
Would you help me look for my keys?
We're all angry.
Her birthday party will be held tomorrow evening.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
Everybody jumped into the pool.
Tom has forgotten how to do that.
Did the dog bark?
Tom gave Mary a ride to Boston.
Are you engaged for tomorrow?
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He finished the steak, then ordered another portion.
I'm worried about my weight.
He's three inches taller than I am.
Spiders like to build spiderwebs.
I'm very sorry that I came home so late.
He judges other people time and again.
I am convinced that he is innocent.
I do not remember seeing the letter, but perhaps I read it.
If it's not too expensive, I'll do that.
He told me his life's story.
English is a heavily Latinized Germanic language.
This is the cheaper of the two.
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
I made use of the maps during my journey.
There are a lot of things you don't know about my personality.
Tom had never lied to me before.
No matter where you go, I'll follow you.
Why should I care what you think?
Even if I were rich, I wouldn't give him money.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
I'll sauté a few sweet potatoes and sprinkle them with sugar.
It's been snowing all night.
Walk more slowly.
I found the book by accident.
He put on an air of innocence.
Nobody can solve this problem.
I heard someone singing.
Tom and I were born in the same city.
She cut the rope with her knife.
She is a British citizen, though she was born in France.
Who's able to explain this to me?
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
I'm called Tom.
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.
There is one way.
I held a wedding ceremony last month.
Your father is pretty tall.
The eyes themselves can become selective, ignoring part of what is there, and the brain sometimes insists on seeing things that don't exist at all.
I still prefer to write letters by hand.
She went to the station to see her teacher off.
Tom cut Mary's hair for her.
How about we use "express mail" so it arrives tomorrow.
The desk drawer is open.
Where does this street lead to?
Their job is to fry the potatoes.
I respect him as a writer and as a man.
The girls were asleep.
This castle also has a ghost.
Tom looked Mary in the eye.
I can't trust John with my car.
I was kicked out of high school.
I can't afford a lawyer.
I cannot agree with you on the matter.
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
I have a very sore arm where you hit me.
I'm sober.
There's a cat under the table.
I stayed up all night again.
If you have no character to lose, people will have no faith in you.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary does.
Can I take pictures here?
Columbus discovered America.
She thanked us for our help.
I want to dream.
You'd better go in person.
So we love sentences. But, even more, we love languages.
Mathematics is the language that God used to create the universe.
We were unable to make contact with them until it was too late.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
The lakes and rivers, too, are full of fish.
He sat next to the stream.
This desk cost me no less than 30000 yen.
He speaks English fairly well.
Habit is second nature.
I used to be poor like you.
I'm too sleepy to do my homework.
Burj Khalifa is currently the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.
At home, we speak only French.
He does nothing but read comics.
Ken calls me every day.
I think I know who stole your watch.
I wanted to cry.
Comb your hair.
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.
The dentist is very polite to the patient.
I'm not wearing any underwear.
She paid no attention to him.
I would like a less expensive double room.
He made up his mind quickly.
We moved house last year.
Who is your favorite actor?
I saw a light in the distance.
He is a timid man.
Tom didn't actually see what happened.
He's as tall as me.
I am from Shizuoka.
I completely understood.
We had bad weather yesterday.
Tom has contributed a lot of money to this hospital.
The pen is on the table.
Words express thoughts.
There's still blood on the wall.
Who's that woman standing over there?
In Colombia, Catholic customs prevail.
I wasn't able to help you.
Aren't you Tom?
You look like you're hungry.
Youths who are caught violating the new rules on behaviour will lose their right to free travel, and will have to complete unpaid community work to earn it back.
Will you join our club?
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
I don't know what Tom does for a living.
Human stupidity knows no limits.
I'd like to change yen to dollars.
Aren't you frightened?
However, what's interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
The test result showed how much he had studied.
Tom needs a friend.
I'm afraid it won't work.
He likes fishing.
She wants to do it on her own.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Do you like tennis?
He differs from his brother.
To whom did you give the book?
I will never set my foot there again.
I'm afraid you'll have to go in person.
Your opinions are out of touch with reality.
This clothing is my coworker's, not mine.
You come back soon, OK?
Read this.
I'm watching television.
I am not connected to this crime in any way.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
Everybody but Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
You may as well tell me all about it.
Omit this word in your sentence because it's not necessary.
There is a dragonfly on the ceiling.
She read the book all night.
Taro speaks English, doesn't he?
My watch gains five minutes a day.
This is a great moment.
I think Tom is photogenic.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
Will you permit me to go there?
He is slowly catching up.
I don't want to eat anything right now.
I thought your parents liked me.
Is there anyone in the room?
Stop kidding me.
I don't believe that black cats cause bad luck.
In the world, there are 10 types of people: Those who understand binary and those that don't.
I like shopping on eBay.
She gave away all her dresses.
We've decided to remain silent.
I almost die laughing at the things he says.
Are you really Tom?
I got hurt during an experiment, and the injury was pretty serious.
We should learn from history.
He usually goes to school by bus.
What tea do you drink? Is lemon tea okay?
Tom speaks Japanese better than Japanese do.
I like bright colors.
Aoi dances very well.
I don't have a partner.
He built a new house for himself.
Tom kept talking all night.
There is a village over the mountain.
They won!
Could I have a subway map, please?
You will be killed!
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
I thought I could be of some help.
Tom is annoying Mary.
Why do you accuse my son?
Which book is better?
You had better wait until the police come.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
Tell me what you have in your hand.
I like spring better than fall.
Are these your daughters?
We are English.
The professor smiled slightly.
She opened a packet of biscuits.
The train arrived on time.
We weren't afraid.
Are you sure you can't buy one of those in Boston?
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
What is your blood type?
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
Don't expect too much of him.
You're very fast.
The plush fur of the toy felt so soft and somehow soothing.
Where is the tree?
Please bring me two pieces of chalk.
I deactivated my Twitter account yesterday.
Tom is a rabbi.
Tom yawned.
None of this would've been necessary if we'd followed Tom's advice.
May I ask you some more questions?
Have you eaten yet?
Don't leave your things lying around.
Tom has a tiny dick.
Please tell us where there is a grocery store.
Tom told us he had a headache.
I don't like coffee.
Though he is clever, he isn't wise.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
Magic plays an important part in primitive society.
She greeted me with a big smile.
I like to eat hot soup.
"In one night," Dima added.
What did you say to Paula?
Your sister looks as noble as if she were a princess.
Nothing ever makes him angry.
Don't forget to turn the light off.
I'd like you to have an ultrasound.
I think of watching TV as a waste of time.
She has a fluent tongue.
The well has run dry.
It's going to rain outside, so don't forget to take an umbrella.
Here's the bill.
Plastics have taken the place of many conventional materials.
Who is your brother?
You will be able to speak fluent English in another few months.
I'm coming from the garden.
I had my hair cut at the barber shop yesterday.
He's a bit pasty.
The bed took up a lot of space.
I don't want to talk to you.
Who ate all the cookies?
Can I hold your hand?
My name is Thomas.
He is a hunchback.
Tom became popular among teenagers as soon as he made his debut on the screen.
I'm sorry, we're all out of manti.
He had the illusion that he was a genius.
His father is an impostor.
There weren't many spectators at the game because of the rain.
I'm tired of all his complaints.
She speaks Japanese.
It's just the way I am.
I know you're learning French at school.
He did everything he could for his child.
I'd like more detailed information.
We've been waiting for hours, but he hasn't come.
I've offended you.
I'll give you a mantou to eat.
He will definitely succeed.
I got terrible grades this term.
Are you sure this is the right road?
Tom took the corner too fast and landed in the ditch.
She wore her hair in plaits.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
They cannot stop him.
He took her out for a drive.
He made an admission that he had lied.
Yoko is interested in collecting stamps.
I haven't seen her in a long time.
Perhaps it will rain in the afternoon.
Before getting married, I called my girlfriend's mother "Auntie". After marriage, I started calling her "Mom" instead.
Is she free this evening?
I gave my mother carnations on Mother's Day.
He was very patient.
Mary, you've come at just the right time! Help me carry this sofa downstairs.
Tom has been in the hospital for a month.
She practiced the piano every day.
Tom was confused, too.
Let's hope you don't need it.
Please don't tell this to your parents.
We want to vote.
His father passed away.
Tamori was born in 1945, that is, when World War II ended.
We spent the entire day on the beach.
Is everyone ready?
You're driving too fast.
She didn't like her husband drunk.
She had the nerve to speak out.
You're welcome, I'd love to help you.
I don't get what you mean.
I'm 24.
I didn't get to spend a lot of time with you on this visit.
One lives in Fukuoka, and the others live in Niigata.
I want to breathe some fresh air.
The landlord says he wants to raise the rent.
You can rely on him.
She picked up one of the glass vases.
Tom nodded encouragingly.
I ate too much.
Is it about ten o'clock?
Okay, I'm coming!
Did you meet him recently?
No one knows what'll happen in the future.
She made room for an old lady.
Sorry...
A clock must be above all correct.
I don't have any Japanese friends.
He lives far away from his hometown.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
You should have told me a long time ago.
He was accused of stealing money.
Have you seen that movie?
Food should be chewed before being swallowed.
Mike is coming to dinner this evening.
There's another meaning behind his words.
I will get you a bike for your birthday.
Eating ice cream always puts me in a happy mood.
I live alone in this house.
I often visit my relatives.
The garbage-can gave off a bad smell.
Er...
The workers are on strike.
This time I will not come back.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
It was nice meeting you here.
The audience was deeply affected.
Helen came to Japan last year.
What is the distance between New York and London?
Your book is on the desk.
I must go through the task by tomorrow.
We guarantee our products for one year.
I'm going to exhibit my roses at the flower show.
I don't think this rain will let up anytime soon.
I bought this book the other day.
I was like that when I was younger.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Is that so?
She lies to you all the time.
I'd like to order drinks now.
We'll be there as soon as possible.
How old do you think Tom is?
I thought Tom would win.
You have to go to the meeting.
Mary fooled them all.
Have you got a mobile phone?
He earns a good salary.
They have two sons and one daughter.
My passport's been stolen.
The pineapple has gone bad.
Mary and I are just friends.
Why are you asking my opinion?
Tom has more books than Mary.
His second son married and settled down.
Do you like tea?
In 1900 he left England, never to return.
Bob gave Tina almost all the stamps he had collected, and kept only a few for himself.
I want to leave this box here.
The rocket travels at a tremendous speed.
Maybe I'll be able to help you.
Tom isn't very strict about it.
This store has lots of great gifts.
The door won't open.
She poured brandy into the glasses.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
It goes without saying that money cannot buy happiness.
We must study the affair as a whole.
My grandfather is in his nineties.
We were together.
I'll do it.
That word is of Greek origin.
Tom got on the airplane.
I like speaking in French.
The soup is too hot.
Tom used to come to Boston every summer.
You can see that the architect paid scrupulous attention to detail.
Hi everybody.
I'm going out this afternoon.
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
How far is New York from London?
Tom is a very generous man.
Perhaps it won't be long before I see you.
We are the problem.
How long do you plan on staying?
Broad safety measures were put into effect.
I came here yesterday.
This is a city of real historical value.
She made faces at that woman.
He compared the copy with the original.
He is doing very well at school.
Take the elevator to the fifth floor.
He sails to Sweden.
He is antisocial.
He has no house to live in.
No one answered the phone.
Can you ride a bicycle?
She didn't appear to recognize me.
It's hot out here.
Tom didn't notice the surveillance camera.
I'm afraid this is an incorrect formulation of the question.
I speak with him every day.
Friendly Reminder: Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to, so as to avoid delays in your trip.
I am curious.
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure.
The movie was less funny than the book.
I was uncertain whether to advance or to retreat.
I don't mind! I like them both.
There are many trees growing in front of the library.
They called him a coward.
Eating meat is bad for the environment.
Their company's public relations team is very strong.
My room is just above.
Hungry?
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
I started learning Chinese last week.
When the sign on the door of a rest room says OCCUPIED, it means someone is using it.
Tom is a Boston native.
Please leave everything to me.
The cat ate the rat.
He thinks I love her.
The warrior is conscious of both his strength and his weakness.
He made his son a wealthy man.
Do you want to go to the cinema or the theater?
I'm a lot hungrier now than I was before.
Do you know what Tom will say?
She has great ability in teaching English.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
I had my bicycle repaired yesterday.
This is weird.
They're upstairs.
The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv.
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.
Could you open the door, please?
Where's the dining room?
Our plan went wrong from the beginning.
Tom won't let me buy any more stuff.
They helped each other do homework.
I like eating fruit.
"So how do you find Mary?" "She looks rather unusual."
It's already June...
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
You will have heard this story before.
I miss her so much.
I have no doubt about it.
I wish you were close to me.
I've had quite enough of his impudence.
I want to go and get a haircut.
She was a genius in mathematics.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
Do you know whether or not it'll rain tomorrow?
Few things give us as much pleasure as music.
Please lock the door when you leave.
What is the joy of life?
What goes up must come down.
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.
The father is in good health.
What's so interesting about baseball?
What are you eyeing?
How heavy you are!
He's always complaining.
I'm disturbing you.
A few years ago, our room had little furniture in it.
I warned you not to come here.
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
You can identify children's voices without any problem.
I wonder if I hurt Tom's feelings.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
UN stands for the United Nations.
These are really, really bad things.
He's a Parisian.
When do you have to go to bed?
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood.
Mary said she's not happy.
Some of the students are in the library, but the others are in the classroom.
Light is much faster than sound.
Do you go to church on Christmas Day?
If you do your best, you will succeed.
Did you buy it on the black market?
Judging from the look on his face, it seems that he has succeeded.
Rub out these words with your eraser.
We enjoy reading books.
A person is worth more than money.
What color is your new car?
I must have left it on the bus.
He is studying.
Restart your computer.
I love Arabic.
Some people read books to kill time.
Is Gronings a language or a dialect?
I'm not sure as to when he will turn up.
I thought you were injured.
I like bubbly and fruity wine.
I am a girl.
Is this umbrella yours?
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
I'm fairly confident that I can do that.
The country respects the Prime Minister.
I am sure that we will find a solution.
He got a master's degree in law.
I could not possibly finish the work in a few days.
We will all die, sooner or later.
Have you finished your lunch yet?
I'm sorry, but I really have to go.
He thought me very tired.
Do you have her phone number?
Great oaks from little acorns grow.
What sort of coats are in fashion this year?
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.
Being unfamiliar with foreign languages, you'll never be able to understand the foreigner's silence.
My advice is predicated on my experience.
I'll take that as a compliment.
No student is allowed to enter the room.
What time shall I pick you up?
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
You're a bad child.
He sat there with his legs crossed.
What has happened to you?
We need your help.
He was tired out by an awfully tough job.
Tom failed to persuade Mary.
Everyone is special.
There's no chance that he'll recover.
You look just like your older brother.
I left my tennis racket on the train.
They looked at the rubbish, then they looked at each other.
This dog jumped.
He is not just interested, he's crazy about it.
You're overthinking it!
We learn by experience.
We lost it.
I am anxious about your health.
Mary started taking her clothes off.
I have no idea why he did that.
I regret missing the chance to meet her.
This is a dog.
“Mum, what’s a fireman?” “It’s like someone who does the watering of a building.”
I don't quite follow you.
I couldn't stop myself from laughing.
What a tender gesture.
You may use my new car.
Everyone knew that Tom could speak French well.
It is absurd of you to do that.
Ask him if he can speak Japanese.
Tell me where I can find him.
She loves Tom.
I haven't seen her at all lately.
I didn't know where it came from.
I won't make that mistake again.
Your dreams have come true.
Is breakfast included?
I didn't think that Tom would be scared.
There is little chance of his winning.
It's going to rain.
I always feel that there isn't enough time.
Someone is obviously telling a lie.
I don't sugar my coffee.
Bob saw him again.
She is five years junior to me.
You must study five pages per day.
If you won a million yen, what would you do?
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
I got up at five that morning.
Dreams sometimes do come true.
You've done good work so far.
I can under no circumstances forgive her.
I will call you in a while.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
They give presents to one another.
I like using these goods; they are very suitable for me.
Do you usually eat breakfast?
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
John has confidence in his ability.
He will be free tomorrow.
We're the same age.
In the depths of winter, a hot-water bottle is essential.
Fighting with your friends can really hurt your feelings.
Tom should've discussed that with you.
You're too generous.
What do you want to drink?
He still hasn't responded to my letter.
Your father is Japanese.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
Do you believe that God exists?
I keep a dog.
My boyfriend looks like your girlfriend.
The whole world knows that.
I love watching basketball.
There is a picture on the wall.
Don't take it amiss!
I want to know what you did this summer.
She cannot but laugh.
Betty likes classical music.
He ate it all up.
How's the weather in New York?
This cat doesn't chase mice.
Tom didn't write back to Mary.
Her words were as follows.
It's amazing.
He did it himself.
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
The accident happened right before our eyes.
Training will be provided.
She is eating.
Please can you pass over the salt?
It is more blessed to give than to receive.
I had to work overtime yesterday.
She is a real beauty.
The evidence was in his favor.
My aunt has three children.
They're afraid.
Chocolate is made from cocoa beans.
Tom lived in a small fishing village.
His uncle likes hunting.
She's 12 years old.
It's too soon.
They are busy.
Don't tell him that I'm here.
Sami is going to be alright.
They planned to get together here at 7 o'clock.
Did you bring them?
It's our duty to obey the law.
We'll save a seat for you.
Afterwards, because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought, culture and art.
May I turn off the TV?
Everything is gone.
He looks happy.
His speech bored me.
The doctor is looking for medicine that is effective for this illness.
He was born in Osaka.
Tom didn't return my phone calls.
Let me help you with your work.
Tom is too tired to help you do that today.
He's highly intelligent.
He fell backward.
We must obey the rules.
The ground is still wet.
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
He is beyond the chance of recovery.
I think that Tom will be late.
A good book can completely absorb your attention, to the extent that you forget your surroundings and even your existence.
We were crowded into the small room.
You don't need to be nervous.
I think it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
Get me up at eight.
They speak English in New Zealand.
Four times three equals twelve.
What are you going to do tomorrow?
You ought to let Tom know Mary is going to do that.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
I don't know if my money is enough.
Goodbye! When you have more time, come back and play!
If you're not sweating when you do cardio, then you're not doing it hard enough.
Tom doesn't know you were helping me.
I was shocked by yesterday's news.
Would you please turn down the TV?
I love Fist of the North Star!
Have you seen all these movies?
I can't take it any more.
I went downstairs and turned off the light.
He has already eaten.
He is the chief of my department.
A lot of trees were cut down.
Let's consider the worst that could happen.
The day is young. No need to get out of bed.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
Are you free on Friday afternoon?
One person hides something, and ten people look for it.
Either one! They're both fine.
Me neither.
It looks like you need help.
Can you give those books to me?
I'm used to staying up late.
When out of tourist season, the tickets will be cheap.
Her hair is streaked with gray.
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.
Hey, Tom, forget about your worries.
"Honey, come to bed." "No, not yet. I still have to translate some sentences on Tatoeba."
It's become a hassle to keep on dyeing my hair.
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
Are you underage?
You'll have to wait and see.
I've had enough, so my stomach is full.
This book is very interesting.
I swapped a camera for a guitar.
You don't... you don't talk to me like that.
The exam was relatively easy.
Can I have a bit more milk?
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.
I'm too tired to walk any longer.
I should stop procrastinating.
Bill runs faster than Bob.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
I came near to being drowned.
He unzipped his pants.
People all love talking.
He doesn't look his age.
We have four seasons in Japan.
I have no intention of asking him.
I met him on the street.
The land on his farm is very fertile.
How often does the bus run?
Should I take the bus?
He promised me he would be here at six.
I got my notebook stolen.
Tom wants to sit down.
The fire station is next to the police station.
You're all cowards.
Peter isn't anything like his father.
George was broken-hearted.
I'm a swot.
An earthquake can happen at any time.
I'm not your boyfriend.
Rubbish!
"Are you mad at me?" - "No. Why do you think so?"
Tom died two years ago in a plane crash.
Who do you want to talk to?
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it's the same.
Where's the cafeteria?
We don't have any bread left.
How do you say Limburgish in Limburgish?
I'm not interested in physics at all.
He's an author.
Was that too easy?
You may not rest now, there are monsters nearby.
I made up my mind to get married to Margaret.
Don't try to escape!
Short accounts make long friends.
They were very excited.
Tom waved.
Do you want to?
Is there someone who could help me?
Open the window and you'll have fresh air.
A 6% yield is guaranteed on the investment.
Where is my seat?
I think it's too expensive; besides, it doesn't even look that good...
I read a book as I walked.
If you're tired, just let me know.
Tom wanted to say goodbye.
I made a few modifications.
Do you live in Tokyo?
Tom embraced his father.
He catches colds easily.
I don't want to know this.
I wonder if life exists on other planets.
Japan's culture has deeply affected East Asia.
Be careful. It's slippery here.
We had a lecture on environmental pollution.
She said good-bye with a smile, but there was a good deal of bitterness in her heart.
There’s no time for this!
Everyone knows it.
Use lemon juice instead of vinegar.
The more books you read, the more you'll know.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
You're safe.
She looked me in the eye.
I sent you an e-mail.
I come with myself.
I sat next to him.
I know Mary thinks I'm stupid.
I'll meet him tomorrow.
This bridge was built two years ago.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others.
How many times have you been here?
Mary told me that she thought Tom was safe.
It's just around the corner.
When she was in elementary school, the teacher often scolded her.
You don't need money.
She told us the road was closed.
Who did you hang out with last weekend?
Did you pay for the book?
I could kill you.
A little fresh air will do me good.
I have more experience than Tom.
I think our team is going to continue to get better.
That isn't important to me.
I was waiting for something to happen.
Strangely enough, he failed.
What's your blood type?
Nancy invited him to a party.
You'd better wait until the police come.
I think that Tom should go on a diet.
Tom wants us to hang the TV on the wall.
What do you think happened here?
We should pass on our culture to the next generation.
I'm sorry I didn't call.
Everything is good.
No matter which musical instrument you want to learn to play, the most important thing is not to make any mistakes from the beginning on, because mistakes are always imprinted on your mind more easily than everything you do right.
Tom apologized to Mary for his rudeness.
Oh, I don't know.
Clean the room.
I arrived here last night.
The bus was ten minutes late.
And yet, the contrary is always true as well.
You are at school.
It's pretty heavy.
Does Tom like tomatoes?
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.
His methods are not scientific.
Wanna hang out tonight?
She'll be there, but he won't.
Do you want to buy a house in Germany?
Do you know where Tom put his keys?
She saw a tall man yesterday.
Linda Wood was standing at the door.
Was the window closed?
That's just the way I am.
I bought him a tie.
He sat down and read while his wife was cooking by the fire.
I'm not sick.
No fewer than five hundred students were present.
What's your favorite small town in Australia?
I adapted the garage for use as a workshop.
He crossed the street.
I can't lift my right arm.
I have a lot of friends living in Boston.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
My friend can speak Chinese and Japanese.
Why am I the only one they complain about? They're just making an example out of me and using me as a scapegoat.
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
After you!
My grandpa believes that the moon landing was a hoax.
You're a brilliant photographer.
His new film is boring.
Who do you live with?
I am talking to you about history.
This city lies at the base of a mountain.
I hate French.
I want you to think about it.
Many a young girl likes the singer.
She's quite wealthy.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
We've really got to step on it.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
Can you mend these shoes for me?
It appears that he is mistaken.
It's just a dream.
Both spellings are correct.
Have you found what you were looking for?
It's very uncomfortable.
You mustn't tell that to your parents.
He is constantly complaining.
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn't find him anywhere.
I don't know where Tom was going.
What do you do for a living?
Tom says he's very rich.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
Tom and Mary are arguing with each other.
Put the eggs into the boiling water.
The soldier gave water to me.
This is my mum and my dad.
Thank you very much for the wonderful dinner last night.
Carrefour's Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
Tom let us know he needs to do that.
You can't say that.
Are you kidding?
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
Tom isn't old.
This is where I want to live for the rest of my life.
The butcher's knife is in the drawer.
I asked Tom a few questions.
Tomorrow, I will ask him.
Go where you will in Holland, you will see windmills.
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.
When you come back from the United States, I will have already graduated.
Don't mix ammonia and bleach together.
She might be leaving.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Give me some paper to write on.
We hurried in the direction of the fire.
To have doubts about oneself is the first sign of intelligence.
I'll pick you up at three.
I do not love him anymore.
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
Tom vanished.
Tom is worried for his safety.
You cheated.
I went to play!
"Are you tired?" "No, not at all."
I am tired of homework.
We know she lives in the city.
She sells seashells by the seashore.
I want to eat something delicious.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
Damn, it's hot!
George seems to be a good boy.
An apple sits on the table.
Please show me another one.
Jane is more attractive than Susan.
She has a lot of carry-on luggage.
Just imitate what he does.
Somebody's at the door.
The train leaves at 6 o'clock.
Remember me to your family.
Sami listens to nobody.
Our friendship will last a long time.
There's no one to look after her.
You should try to learn a little French.
Answer the telephone, will you?
He assigned two archers to me.
Although it is snowing, I must go.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
Keep going straight ahead!
He wrote to me yesterday.
They insist that he should go.
Is there anything you want to add to what I just said?
You are old enough to know better than to act like that.
The old man walked across the road carefully.
To be always honest is not easy.
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.
He doesn't know anything about the plan.
Her sister also sings very beautifully.
The Old Testament forbids eating shellfish.
I almost forgot it.
This is a miracle.
Pure mathematics is religion.
After business came to a halt, many bathhouses added new facilities, such as saunas and exercise equipment, in an effort to attract customers.
My father's in the garden.
We have your size, but not in that colour.
She has a very open personality.
I met him on the street by chance after many years.
Choose whichever you like.
Are you a Japanese student?
He has written two books.
Aoi is a very good dancer.
I'm on the phone.
He is no fool.
The man corresponded with the description.
She said that she's no expert.
After saying everything that I had to, I felt relaxed.
He has little confidence in himself.
We ran short of money.
Even the fastest runner in the world cannot run if he is hungry.
My plans failed one after another.
The teacher lined the children up in order of height.
Put your glasses on.
Can I sit beside you?
Are you listening to English?
Your answer is correct.
The sky is blue.
I've been to Hokkaido before.
Is mom scolding the horse's hemp?
I can't wait for him any longer.
I don't feel like going out right now.
She really wants to lose weight.
He's writing an application.
I love strawberries on Christmas cake.
Do you plan to go overseas?
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.
I went there by bus and train.
Do you have a mobile phone?
I asked the doctor some questions.
He is very much a scholar.
Why did you get up so early?
They have been married for four years.
Don't get involved with that guy.
We enjoyed watching the baseball game.
No one here will betray you.
He played baseball after school.
Never did I dream that George would cheat me.
Would you care for some more cake?
You're the only friend I have.
He's next to her.
He shaved his moustache.
Here, this is for you!
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi?
The train tickets can be ordered online in a few days.
I bought a camera the other day.
Found anything interesting?
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
They made me captain.
The train started at ten o'clock to the minute.
I like this color.
Get down!
He could not go on a trip for lack of money.
You must think I'm stupid.
How long does it take?
The meeting will have broken up by the time you arrive there.
Anything you say can be used against you in court.
He has long legs.
We can't speak Japanese.
I bought her a watch.
The interface of this website is somewhat pedestrian, but it’s simple.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
I feel weak.
I don't care if you trust me or not.
They were frightened.
The writer is working on a new book.
I don't feel like working today.
Tom told me where Mary lives.
I'm a cat.
Everyone gathered together in the open space to meet.
That little boy can walk.
I found it!
We postponed the event.
It was a dark night, with no moon.
You are not at the hospital this morning.
He said he's unlucky.
Lessons begin at ten.
When I first came to Beijing, I loved to stroll everywhere, but Beijing was not like what I had imagined.
I agree with you.
He shuddered at the terrible scene.
Nobody can avoid death.
Fourteen people live here.
He avenged his father's death.
I didn't even think of it.
He's always short of money.
How long ago was that?
In the shadow of the Leaning Tower of Pisa sits the town storyteller, eating a bowl of pea soup. After that he tells some children the fairy tale "The Princess and the Pea".
He became more obstinate as he grew older.
I'm not feeling well, I want to vomit.
He is liked by everybody.
This dish is tasty.
The room is empty.
I could smell the alcohol on his breath.
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
My brother sent me a letter last week.
Would you please give me some more tea?
As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
China's the only country where three people can eat at a mid-range hotpot buffet for only 5 RMB, but a hamburger costs five times as much. Figure that one out!
That's all I could find.
She is lying on the table.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Soccer is the most popular sport in Brazil.
Once you’ve done your homework for an hour, you can watch TV.
My father quite likes pizza.
The difference between a standalone sentence and a sentence in the middle of an essay is that the latter has context.
They have many friends.
They didn't know what to do first.
This day was just a waste of time and money.
Lincoln set the slaves free.
The coffee is all gone.
He did not resist.
You can get in touch with him at his home tonight.
It hurts!
They shut their eyes.
He lost his umbrella again.
Do we exist?
The file is corrupt.
David is at home.
That's an assumption.
His bike ran into a guard-rail.
Tom's car is newer than Mary's car.
This year we had more snow than last year.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to see you when you came by today.
The baby cried all night.
Where can one have the most fun in Beijing?
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy.
Tom had never used a washing machine before.
That's just what I wanted.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
That girl is arrogant because of her beauty.
What did you say? Please repeat it.
My pulse is slow.
I have a slight headache today.
I see why you don't want to go there.
Tell me how to play the game.
All of your accusations are baseless. She is innocent, and we will prove that.
Each of them was given a prize.
Images and videos are transformed into gifs and memes.
There are four seasons in this country.
My uncle lived abroad for many years.
You should go to sleep early, for restfulness sake.
Do you know how to drive this thing?
Zero comes before one.
We must follow the rules.
Peter had fallen in love with that girl.
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.
The doctors did all they could to control Tom's disease but, sadly, to no avail.
I wish everyone luck in the coming year, as well as success in their work and studies.
My whole body is sore.
London is among the largest cities in the world.
I hope you have sweet dreams.
I'm sorry that I didn't reply to you sooner.
It's our duty to help.
To be honest, I've gradually come to dislike the life here.
You should have a doctor take a look at it.
Lower your voices!
I'm closing my store.
I'm neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
You are random.
What was at first a natural disaster rapidly became a man-made debacle.
Write everything down.
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to do that?
I like to study foreign languages.
It's really cold today. You should dress warmer or you might catch a cold.
Tom wanted Mary to say that she loved him.
Tom is now a software engineer.
A big earthquake occurred in India yesterday.
This is my friend.
Japan depends on imports for raw materials.
You look tired. You must have been working too hard.
Tom paid for the pizza.
He's scared of that dog.
I'm happy to see you again.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
I was able to buy fresh fish in the market.
Patience is the most beautiful virtue.
Did you just eat forty servings of pudding?
How long did it take to do that?
My mom forgot to add salt to the salad.
I was ashamed to go out in old clothes.
I forgot to bring my I.D. card.
I have many French books.
I want a book.
Why are you so unfortunate?
Don't worry. I have completely recovered.
I don't like to socialize.
I went to the zoo.
I'm staying at my aunt's.
It shocked me!
What stuff is this jacket made of?
Tell me what you want.
You can't do this.
When did Tom get here?
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
Generally speaking, boys can run faster than girls.
He won't go on to graduate school.
Tom can't even write his own name.
Even though someone came, she still remained uneasy.
You won't be able to see anything without a flashlight.
I fixed the bike yesterday.
I suppose he will be back soon.
They are proud of their daughter.
Tom and I are both vegetarians.
Tom is liked by his friends.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
Where is the elevator?
I didn't want to get up early.
I do not agree with you.
How many books do you think you have read so far?
Who is the current representative from France?
We just barely made the train.
We celebrate Christmas every year.
He really wants to meet you.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
Have you already fed the horses?
I had fever for two days.
In spring, the days get longer.
The banks are closed today.
The door opened and a man came out.
The news distressed her.
This TV was made in China.
Aoi is a good dancer.
Can I ask a question?
Do you feel like you cannot connect with other people?
One mouse ran through the room.
He is in his library.
You're reliable.
How time flies!
There was nothing but a desk in his room.
I'm your friend, right?
I promise it won't happen again.
My nose itches.
He reads a great deal.
Kiev is the capital of Ukraine.
He saw it, too.
Chinese food is no less nice than French food is.
It is careless of her to make such a mistake.
Who's your favourite TV star?
Tom was exposed to a wide variety of music as a child through his mother's vast record collection.
We have got two daughters and two sons.
The lions fought with each other to get food.
French is taught us by her.
A quadratic function cannot be used here.
It's normal to be a little afraid.
One cup of coffee, please.
He has what I lack; confidence.
Why did you buy so many cookies?
What vegetables do you want to buy?
A single room with bath, please.
Can you teach me how to play the bagpipes?
Tom came and sat down next to Mary.
The employees work at the office.
She's my first love.
Hey, could you send over a stack of manuscripts straight away?
Where's the hammer?
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
The train is traveling at the rate of 50 miles an hour.
What was it for?
He failed the entrance exam.
I have a lot of money on me now.
When you get there, wait for a while.
It sank.
He is old enough to drive.
I cycle to work.
You're my daughter.
Is there a Percy in your class?
Let's fly a kite.
I played here last week.
He is the father of three children.
An industrious person will succeed in life.
Where are you guys now?
What do you do here?
In our view, we have already made the biggest possible compromise.
At last, they experienced the joy of victory.
What do you think of his suggestion?
I warned him not to be late.
Do you know my brother Masao?
What would you like for supper?
Don't let this opportunity slip away.
Thomas swam.
Because there's the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
My father died four years ago.
Gotta go.
Could you stop saying that?
Rice grows in warm countries.
A friend of mine is studying abroad.
If you make fun of our company again, we certainly won’t be polite to you.
Are you meeting someone here?
Tom said that he was going to eat fish for dinner tonight.
Ukrainian girls are the prettiest in the world.
I don't eat chicken skin.
How about going out to eat tonight?
You can't attend? Why not?
Tom traveled alone.
I can speak Chinese.
May I ask you for your name and address?
You owe me money.
This is the best movie I've ever seen.
The pastor is in the church.
Only looks and money count in this world.
Electricity is very useful.
There's no point saying "Hi, how are you?" to me if you have nothing else to say.
Are you available?
What did you do last vacation?
Betty White is very popular with Americans.
Can you please just shut up already?
Some of them seem to be too difficult.
She was prohibited from smoking.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
What is the meaning of this word?
It looks like rain. We had better shut the windows.
Has he come yet?
This is new.
A person without faith is frightening.
The earthquake was the biggest one that we had ever experienced.
I wish you had told me the truth then.
He wrote it hurriedly.
This will have enormous implications for Algeria.
He sent me a birthday card.
He took a photograph of the family.
Brush your teeth before you go to sleep.
Karima hasn't read the letter yet.
It is rude to laugh at others.
Watch yourself.
In fact, people are equal in their qualities.
He is not totally wrong.
This book's new.
Are you afraid of insects?
I want to write a book.
I need to charge my cell phone.
I'm still your friend.
She made the doll for me.
Please come as soon as possible.
It's almost Christmas.
What grade are you in?
The young man I met yesterday is named Tony.
She took a bite of the apple.
The more I know about people, the more I like animals.
The giraffe was released.
I was at a loss for words.
Where does John live?
The positive integer 126 has the prime factors 2, 3, 3 and 7.
Where is a pen?
Our wallets were stolen.
You don't need a visa.
I am very happy to see you.
The device is attached fast to the ceiling.
I am sure that he will succeed.
He became a member of this club five years ago.
She is Japanese.
How do you say "rugby" in English?
In China, the 11th of November is Singles Day.
I have to go to work.
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to do that.
The town was defended by a large army.
Bill often goes to the park.
This is the best science fiction film in the past few years.
My French is shitty.
When one of my coworkers starts racking up good sales figures I can't let down my guard.
I was rained on on my way home.
How many times do I have to ask you to put your laundry in the basket?
Do you know why they stopped talking?
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.
She weeded the garden.
Do you still practise your religion?
The load of the truck was in excess of three tons.
Peter fell in love with the girl.
This essay is progressing a little bit slowly.
She walked very carefully.
The children got lost in the jungle.
Memory is an essential function of our brain.
You understand best how to use the machine.
For example, this is a pen.
You are a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
Tom works in Boston.
I want to watch this movie.
You don't need to do this.
Which do you like better, physics or chemistry?
He is the last person to speak ill of others.
He's been teaching for 20 years.
Tom's thirty.
Could you pass me the mashed potato?
I'm the captain of this ship.
My cat died yesterday.
What do you learn English for?
My hat is bigger than Jim's.
School starts in September in Europe.
I wish I could help you.
I'll miss you very much if you go.
I have nothing to hide.
They failed the exam.
I'm sorry I was so rude.
We are not short of oil in this country.
There is an alley behind my house.
My wife's underwear is all old, I want to buy her some new ones online.
Wise men talk about ideas, intellectuals about facts, and the ordinary man talks about what he eats.
It's difficult to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
I may give up soon and just take a nap.
I go on vacation next week.
I confess that I'm tired.
How old are your parents?
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
I had curry last night.
The doctor gave it to her.
My cat looks sad.
I will keep you warm.
We make milk into cheese and butter.
I ate curry yesterday.
Who owns this villa?
The summer sun glared down on us.
Who complained?
I don't know when I need to be there.
Foreigners are interesting, aren't they?
Could you tell me your name again?
Take me to your leader.
How did you feel about the game?
It was all thanks to his recommendation that I was able to become a teacher at a college in Tokyo.
Was it just a dream?
Vegetables are getting more expensive.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
The vast majority of Chinese people have never met foreigners before, so it feels odd for them, like meeting space aliens.
I didn't see a thing.
This is very good soil.
Everybody knows for a fact that he is still alive.
I don't like him because he loses his temper easily.
Today is Children's day on 1st of June.
This hotel is far from deserving the four stars the guidebook gives it.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
She raised her voice.
She went out to buy some food.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
I was as sober as a judge.
Don't fret.
He was standing at the street corner.
Only peace can save the world.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
His paralysis is progressing, and soon he won't be able to get out of bed.
I am a slow reader.
It is all Greek to me.
What will you do?
I thought Tom would enjoy the party.
I am the State!
Friendship is magic.
She will work.
She is a slave of fashion.
My wife catches colds easily.
Forever!
What time is the next performance?
Come home early.
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
There is enough light to read by.
I would really like to know why he did something like that.
They're professional singers.
This one's still alive.
It was so cold yesterday that I stayed home.
Last year I was a TA for calculus.
I wish I could go with you.
Breathe, damn you!
It's impossible to study in such noise.
I already apologized.
What's up? Why are you sad?
They got married not long ago.
I ran as quickly as I could.
My brother is small but strong.
Tom owes Mary a lot of money.
I have to reduce my expenses this month.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
Keep away from me.
Where is dad?
Tom is retired.
He has been poor all his life.
I agree with your opinion about taxes.
Ring me tomorrow at nine o'clock.
Because families in Shanghai today have only one son or daughter, the head of the family places a strong emphasis on their child's studying.
Tom doesn't usually eat breakfast.
She lives in Kyoto.
You can't make good soup with cheap meat.
This will cost €30.
She is a second year student.
Maria is at the airport.
Japan is a rich country.
What's that sound?
Children should obey their parents.
How did you think this up?
I'm ready to do anything for you.
I wrote a letter to my parents at home.
Suspenders are safest.
My son took a candy from the box.
Do you know how to whistle?
He might have returned home from another route.
I have a lot of money.
The cat glided along, very refined, but ended up falling, which was very embarrassing.
I feel that someone tapped my shoulder.
When is your bedtime?
Mary likes her coffee without sugar.
If you can't come, you should let me know ahead of time.
Music is a common speech for humanity.
The result of the invention of the steam engine was that human power was replaced by mechanical power.
He witnessed the accident.
Nobody voted against it.
I wish you a long and happy married life.
Thank you very much for your help.
Jonathan was booked because he got into a fight with a player on the other team.
He likes music very much.
No Trespassing.
You should not trust him.
The Romans latinized Gaul.
Tom knows we aren't happy.
You are very competent.
How much more?
He likes coffee without sugar.
You can't fight on an empty stomach.
You should get yourself a new car now.
The word is no longer in use.
Have you read the notice?
English is studied all over the world.
Peter talks with his parents in the United States on the phone at least once a week.
I thought it was very good.
I can't find my umbrella anywhere.
Put on your stockings!
I'm sitting here in my car.
In our house there are two televisions.
Tom knows exactly how I like my hair done.
Is that true?
I heard the weather forecast said it'll rain tonight.
The committee comprises ten members.
He can't buy himself a car.
I stayed with my uncle last week.
See you later!
I found something interesting in the town.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
Ants and giraffes are distant relatives.
Is Tom home?
Where's his home?
Mary closed the door quietly.
He's got a headache.
I lost the watch my father had given me.
She allowed him to go alone.
She hired a private investigator.
Do you have any pets?
Tom should thank me.
Did you drink tea?
They are all college students.
Our company has many projects to do.
They carried out the project.
Bob missed the last train and had to take a taxi.
I never liked Biology.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She liked him right off.
He is the odd one of the family.
A sea separates Ireland and England.
He has lived here for one week.
I like your truck.
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance.
In Germany today, anti-violence rallies took place in several cities, including one near Hamburg where three Turks were killed in an arson attack on Monday.
Of all the silly ideas!
Who's the girl in a yellow raincoat?
He promised me to pay back the money.
It's about time to start.
Mary succeeded in her studies.
And?
Love is selfish.
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
Where is mom?
Do you still need tea?
I speak a little Greek.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
This car runs on natural gas.
Mary wants to know when we're going to come over and help her.
I thought you found them.
Susan enjoys listening to music.
He'll do whatever you ask him to.
I decided to study every day.
Let's drink some water.
She has a round face.
Let's just rest here for a little while, my feet are aching so much I can't walk.
The report is utterly false.
They knocked the box to pieces.
There used to be a bridge here.
He retired at the age of 65.
Add life to your days and not days to your life.
May I kiss you?
You went to bed at 2 o'clock in the morning? No wonder you look sleepy today.
English is not hard to learn.
You chose this job yourself, right?
Yes, certainly.
Would it be OK if I stayed behind?
She looks very elegant.
Some believe that the British Royal Family is directly descended from the line of King David.
Neither Tom nor I did that.
Today's friends are tomorrow's enemies.
I'm walking with her.
She took care of my dog.
All that you say is perfectly correct.
Tom said you would come.
It's fifty kilometers to Paris.
Tom was stripped to the waist.
What happened here was unavoidable.
I can't hear what you're saying.
I'm proud of the work I've done here.
"Don't cry," she said.
Please take a seat.
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
That's so perfect.
Can you hear the noise of the waves on the beach?
Do you want me to make coffee?
He doesn't like wine.
There's a bank in front of the station.
I'm not pregnant.
My house is close to the school.
Play the Humppa!
For the new year, Liu's company gives every employee a bag of flour.
I hope you will enjoy your time in China.
I can speak five languages.
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
They are human.
I've heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don't work enough?
"What make is your car?" "It is a Ford."
We still work on it.
I'm on the balcony.
She has been dead for ten years.
He is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
We have no reason to feel ashamed.
Andy is master of French and German.
I write poems in my free time.
I eat and read at the same time.
I sat at the front in order to hear the lecture clearly.
I lent the record to Ken.
I played with Tony yesterday.
You need to know.
As soon as he finished his work, he went home.
Don't call him that.
This boy is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Can you repeat that, please?
We must get our hair cut.
He avoided the problems.
Green suits Alice.
How much time has passed?
When do you practice the piano?
Dan was fired because of Linda.
This dog ran fast.
I've already waited two hours. I can't wait any longer.
Learning how to swim is very simple.
I was just about to leave the house when the telephone rang.
While we were discussing the problem, I hit upon a good idea.
You do not understand.
I arrived here about five o'clock.
We have a white cat.
Do you eat pasta?
He drowned.
Tom is a professor, isn't he?
Ken will be at home until noon.
It is our obligation to help.
Life is very hard.
Our situation should improve in the near future.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
The rental should be somewhat close to where I work.
Birds fly.
The depravity of the king's deeds led the people to believe he was nothing more than a tyrant that needed to be overthrown.
The more difficult the questions are, the less likely I'll be able to answer them.
I need a doctor.
I must've mistyped the number.
Don't misunderstand me.
That's my cat.
He has no sense of right and wrong.
Would you like another glass of wine?
She finished reading the letter.
There is no answer to your question.
That sounds really interesting.
There was not a tree in sight.
She's going shopping.
I saw him three years ago.
I love autumn.
They're vegans.
Not even a single person survived.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves explicitly.
Both of my sisters are married.
Tom is very important to me.
I all but lost you in the crowd.
I want to study English.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
I love him, but he loves someone else.
We are longing for world peace.
There is a lot of snow on the roof.
Upon arrival, the firefighters discovered the house in flames.
What is the date tomorrow?
I've already talked to the manager.
Which is larger, Japan or England?
That dress really suits her.
This saying suddenly became popular.
Goodbye, Ian.
He is a great statesman, and what is more a great scholar.
She's returned.
Why can't we go and see Tom?
The rumors are unfounded.
She patted her hair into shape.
The children already went to school.
They're special.
She has a lot of things to do.
She went for a walk.
You are busy now, aren't you?
Last year the region was visited by the worst drought in 60 years.
Shanghai summers can reach temperatures of up to 38-9 degrees. That is extremely hot!
Mary is an Egyptologist.
Tom's French is already rather good.
You, come here.
Calm down and explain it from the beginning.
He's carrying an umbrella because it's raining.
This door is locked from the inside.
He's very angry with you.
He was an entire stranger to us.
Ebola spreads from person to person through bodily fluids.
Is Warsaw cheaper than London?
See you in two days.
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?
I looked up the words in my dictionary.
She always keeps her room clean.
Please speak in a louder voice.
Do you still want to talk to me?
We organized a project team.
Tom has admitted that he was there that night.
The weather suddenly got warmer.
I need a towel.
Our children like dogs, but I prefer cats.
Thanks for your well-wishes.
I'm buying a new car.
As long as there's no meat, anything is fine.
Come as soon as possible.
It is already past five o'clock.
I have a dog and a cat.
How did you enjoy the concert?
Tom was automatically logged out of Tatoeba.
We must cancel our trip to Japan.
There is no air in space.
Tom didn't deny that he did that.
People under 18 cannot marry.
That's why I'm telling you not to go alone.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
God bless Palestine.
Do you know the reason?
Their traditional life style no longer exists.
People are more educated now than they used to be.
Hold fire.
Maybe they have something.
Do it your own way if you don't like my way.
All you need to do is trust each other.
I like Tom, too.
He is endowed with unusual ability in mathematics.
She is the woman of my desires.
Tom mopped the floor.
He wasn't sick.
The phone company cut me off last month.
Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
Tom said he was ill, which was a lie.
Can you come for dinner tonight?
My mother is always complaining about me.
His composition leaves nothing to be desired.
How is your work coming along?
She almost said "I don't know".
Is there any mail for me today?
Is your mother tongue Chinese?
All you can do is wait.
What is the price for this?
I want to speak French.
Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
Don't disturb me while I'm studying.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
I also had a very good time.
She called me in the afternoon.
Sure, why not?
Hell is empty, and all the devils are here!
As such is the case, I am sorry I can't accept your kind invitation.
Don't disappoint him.
Even Tom doesn't do that anymore.
We still have an old tube television.
I can't imagine my life without you.
I saw Christine here yesterday.
My butt hurts.
She and her fiancée are together for so long, they are ready to get married.
Although her house is nearby, I seldom see her.
He spent a lot of money on helping the poor.
What's important isn't how many books you read, but what books you read.
Does this suit fit?
I'm very happy now.
He has his faults, but I still like him.
I saw a white cloud sailing across the sky.
Stand back from the rope.
What Tom did was extremely dangerous.
Please move the desk to the left.
Honestly, I really like you.
The railroad is parallel to the road.
I already explained it so many times.
My brother is rich.
Turtles don't have teeth.
The dog was sleeping on the mat.
She has sharpened the knives.
I have never heard her say 'No'.
The food's not ready yet.
Do as you please.
How beautiful you are!
Take two aspirins for your headache.
How dare you say that that temple is a ruined temple...aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning?
He spends lots of money on clothes.
You are a very happy person.
He has a good appetite.
Remember to buy mayonnaise.
I understood what she said.
I'll have a word with your father.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step.
I want to do spring cleaning.
Whether he comes or not, I'll go.
Everybody, go home!
My opinion is the same as theirs.
Books and friends should be few but good.
She's promised to give me a ring.
I saw Julie off at the airport.
Stock prices dropped.
Tom told Mary that he was moving to Boston.
A grandmother is sending her grandson to school.
John cannot be living in London now.
She fell in love with her boyfriend's younger brother.
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
Can you recommend a romance novel for me?
My mother cannot drive a car.
You must not despise someone because they are poor.
I made a long journey last year.
Please add up the bill.
I'm going on a picnic tomorrow.
I went home and Bill stayed at the office.
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
I'm simply amazed by you.
I like to go to school.
Which do you like better, white rice or brown rice?
His failure to observe traffic regulations resulted in a serious accident.
Tomorrow night, they will all go to Beijing University to attend class.
Watch your step.
Actually, I'm not suggesting anything.
He's always worrying about his daughter.
Tom doesn't work here.
Don't forget that Tom is allergic to peanuts.
The mountains were all around the city.
Please deal the cards.
It won't be long before they get married.
I'm eating soup in the kitchen.
Bottoms up!
He likes hunting.
Life has been very hard.
I have to get some sleep.
My father made me what I am.
We grow a variety of crops.
I got up early, so that I could catch the first train.
I am going to sleep.
In which city are you?
"May I use your pencil?" "Yes, you may."
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
Why are you trying to hide your feelings?
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
Is Tom jealous?
I have two sons; one is in Tokyo, and the other in Nagoya.
I am not always free on Sundays.
Hi, everyone!
What if he should happen to be late?
Your explanation is very good.
Phone me tomorrow at nine o'clock.
I often dream about you.
I am a stranger here.
Are you a teacher or a student?
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher.
What did you do with your shoes?
Don't lie to Tom and me.
Somebody was murdered.
Stop looking for problems, Tom.
What is the date on Sunday?
Dad, what are you doing?
We've been married for five years.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom is doing right now.
You don't have to wait until the end.
I should've asked Tom to help.
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.
I am ashamed of your despicable deed.
Plato is my friend, but the truth is worth more to me.
How much did you bid?
When did you begin playing golf?
Tom took part in a local bike race.
Prices have been climbing steadily.
Mother Nature is generous.
There are two kinds of people in the world, those who understand binary and those who don't understand binary.
I want it now!
I made a mistake while looking.
Kill your enemies.
Tom took his mask off.
I've got a lot of friends.
He loses his temper quite easily.
He objects to being treated like a child.
Tom's eyes were glued to the screen.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Your help is indispensable for the success of the scheme.
Please shuffle the cards carefully.
The government is not doing its best to solve the housing problem.
He knew that something was wrong with her.
When are you going to go to Sydney?
Your voice reminds me of my late grandmother.
How far is it to the airport?
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang.
The thermometer fell to zero last night.
He is taller than I.
He was the strongest candidate for the position.
I had lost a camera the previous day.
"Tom is likely to be late." "I think so, too."
He eventually married an Italian woman ten years his junior.
I admitted that I didn't do what I promised I'd do.
Who does the gun belong to?
Another step forward revealed that the skull had received violent impact and disintegrated.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
New Year! New Career!
The sun always rises in the east.
I have to find a part-time job.
My name is Jose. We are friends.
So what do we do now?
I'm learning two foreign languages.
I've gone to Kyoto twice.
I have a dim memory of my grandmother.
The cat jumped onto his shoulder.
Please make the bed.
Everyone attacked my opinion.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
Tom lost the race.
What do you say to going to the movies?
Mary and Tom have been in love since the eighth grade.
I'll be there right away.
I like songs in Esperanto.
I believe in Jesus Christ.
He made her a bookshelf.
Those who use forks or chopsticks often think people who don't are uncivilized.
Tom hates sports.
Japan's population is larger than that of Britain and France put together.
I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
How was the weather yesterday in Beijing?
This piece is in a major key.
This is not a tiger.
You guys have to hurry.
This electrical device must have been damaged during delivery.
Don't look back.
He is accused of kidnapping.
Tom told Mary that she was right.
Do you eat out often?
You should do that as often as you can while you're still young.
Not knowing what answer to make, I kept silent.
I've written an article. Could you take a look and tell me if it's okay?
We called on him last night.
Spring is over and summer has come.
He likes to go to the beach sometimes.
I wish you were here.
Please think about it.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
It's a good deal.
Answer my question carefully.
We'll be friends forever.
He drank three glasses of water.
This is the window he broke.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
I’ve heard the example of the parents in Korea who let their child die because they were too busy playing video games.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
I'm not in a mood to see you today.
You should be more careful with respect to how you talk to those people.
Bob plays not only the guitar but also the flute.
You are so considerate.
About how many English words do you know?
I've got a lot of questions.
You had better make use of the opportunity.
Tom's mother is from Hamburg and his father is from Munich.
I am from Portugal.
The child doesn't cry anymore.
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.
Where did you go yesterday?
The rugged terrain made the troops' advance difficult.
Show me where it hurts.
Call Tom now.
You should enrich your mind when young.
I'm pretty sure we have enough gas to get home.
It serves you right.
How much will it cost to mend this skirt?
Do you understand French?
Can you translate English into Japanese?
I want you to help us find out who killed Tom.
We are the first to arrive.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
If you take my advice, you'll see a doctor.
Where can I buy A4 paper?
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
Are there many animals in the zoo?
Invite your friend for dinner.
They were frozen to death.
Have you ever seen a whale?
Please come to my office in the afternoon.
I don't like that.
You used to be able to see the church from here.
Is everything going OK at work?
Sami has been married twelve times.
I still can't tell these students apart.
When is breakfast?
There are many galaxies in the universe.
It's late.
It's your move.
Don't go near the dog.
Where did you go last Sunday?
I'm all washed up.
You can only make local calls from the room; you can go to the front desk to call long-distance.
She couldn't keep a straight face.
What are you speaking about?
Throw it away.
He called me a cab.
I looked for you everywhere and didn't find you.
He succumbed to authority.
Let's play a game.
I don't care for green tea.
You haven't eaten.
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.
Do you think that I should go to Australia?
Be kind to old people.
I borrowed this comic from his sister.
I live in Kazakhstan.
This bottle of yogurt does not contain lactose.
Besides being an actress, she was a famous painter.
This is only one of the things we found.
It was Friday yesterday.
Do you like baseball?
I'm a vegan, but my cat isn't.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
I like Tom too.
Aoi became a dancer.
Mary understands Chinese.
I just did a 100-meter sprint and I'm so exhausted.
Ultraviolet rays can cause skin cancer.
We all have secrets.
Ah, now I remember – I left it on the table where I filled in the application form.
Tom and Mary ran home as fast as they could.
I'm not going to tell you until I tell Tom.
I do not know for certain when he will come.
I cannot answer your question.
Her tears have already told me what has happened.
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
Most students agree with the proposal and have made a list of arguments in favour of it.
The Rhine runs between France and Germany.
Find yourself an Uyghur girlfriend and you'll never have problems with Uyghur again.
Give me back the book after you have read it.
This isn't what I ordered.
Their father is a taxi driver.
You need to pay extra for the batteries.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
I don't have that kind of time.
Science-Fiction can be abbreviated as sci-fi.
Where's your father?
How big is your dog? Mine is small.
The difference in their ages is six years.
I am waiting for you to finish your homework.
I ate two green apples and a bowl of green grapes last night.
Excuse me, where is the library?
Step back.
I noticed that she's wearing new glasses.
Your CV has really impressed me.
I have a black dog and a white dog.
Although she has flaws, I still like her.
I think I should get right to work.
I'm afraid I differ with you on this point.
He always sits up late at night.
Hey, look what I found.
China's developing too quickly.
How long are you going to stay?
I'm fed up with English.
Don't forget to come and pick me up at the train station.
To better understand what a company’s culture is you should consider the following points and see how the company deals with them.
She proceeded with the work.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
We should be safe here.
The blouse costs twelve libras.
I found this book interesting.
Why is your wife sad?
Get out of here.
I miss you all the time.
He's looking at us.
We hope you will enjoy the show.
He is apt to forget.
We'll continue.
Tatoeba is a dictionary.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
Don’t you try and blame this on him.
All of a sudden, three dogs appeared in front of us.
He offered more than could be expected.
Write me sometime, OK?
How long will the train stop here?
I promised Tom that I wouldn't say anything.
What's the dessert?
Aren't you surprised by his answer?
This is the best.
It isn't anything like as cold as it was yesterday.
Why did you stop only the foreigners?
He brought his lunch today.
It is a serious problem.
I want the same jacket as you're wearing.
Let's go to the beach.
He set out on his historic voyage.
He gave his cold to me.
What a beautiful night!
The car continued to put on speed.
The weather turned bad.
No words can relieve her deep sorrow.
He made his son a chair.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
I am sorry. I am not from here.
See you tomorrow in the library.
So which way is it to the People's Park?
You're blushing.
I shut the door quietly so as not to wake the baby.
This will erode our credibility.
It's a waste of time and money.
They became very nervous.
How was the universe formed?
Is my new hair style funny?
Sami is not a good magician.
I want to make a pie.
He's very good at playing guitar.
I found a good place to buy fruit a couple of days ago.
My father made a shelf for me.
I bought something for you.
These shoes are too small.
The number of people who go abroad has been increasing.
School was closed for the day due to the snow.
He cut the apple in half.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
She doesn't have as much patience as you do.
The medication should be administered topically.
May I borrow your car?
The feelings of "love at first sight" and "faithful unto death" are unrealistic; this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need.
I love libraries.
The baby smiled at me.
I am Tunisian.
Her toy was broken by her little sister.
I don't work like that.
He dreamed of being a hero.
Smell it.
There are many birds in this forest.
Do you think I should write to Tom?
Can you see that small house?
I wish I could go.
They moved here three years ago.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
Reading books is interesting.
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
I want to be with you forever.
They left.
She went to the park with him.
Your question does not have an answer.
Tom is afraid of math.
I spent my vacation at the beach.
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
While you're young, you should read a lot.
The clock is above the fireplace.
There's something I need to tell you, and I know you're not going to like it.
Don't bother us again.
Cash donations will be accepted.
It began to snow.
I don't like spring.
Tom couldn't remember where he'd buried the money.
A good many people were there.
My tooth hurts.
Why is the television on?
But I want a car.
You need to eat more fiber.
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.
Could I write down your name, address and phone number, for the insurance company?
Are you getting bored?
I lent him a CD.
Don't add too much salt.
Are there always so many people here?
I think death is preferable to shame.
He walks slowly.
It was long before he knew it.
I want Tom to win.
Isn't Tom from Australia?
The air was polluted by exhaust gas.
She is different from how she looks.
Don't tell me. Tell Tom.
Tom says Mary can't do that.
How much longer is it going to take?
What happened there?
Tom appreciates modern art.
It is said that Dutch are tolerant.
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
People live only about 70 years.
As time goes on, China's economy gets stronger and stronger.
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.
Does this bus go to the beach?
I want to be your friend.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
That is a dog.
We have to obey the rules.
It helped me a lot.
Would you like to eat a roll for lunch?
I am very interested in languages.
Shut the door on your way out.
It seems that supper will be late.
He caught the cord.
They won't hurt us.
If he knows that we're here he'll kill us.
The last train has already gone.
I feel a little nauseous, but I'm unable to throw up.
He refuses to believe us.
"Who's that? " "It's your mother."
Tom sold his gun to Mary.
Has the bell rung?
She and hers are all very well.
Tom bought a new multifunction printer.
I hear she's a famous actress.
Test pilots are constantly tempting fate.
Is there really a need to act like this?
I cry every time I watch this movie.
I'll lend it to you.
Prices are double what they were two years ago.
They're considered the greatest rock band in history.
Tom sprained his ankle.
"Morning! There's snow outside!" "Seriously?"
I don't understand why he goes to the barber's, as he is bald.
Tom, your life's in danger.
Weren't they satisfied?
Did you enjoy yourself yesterday?
Twice I have tried to kill myself.
Tom skipped lunch.
I live in Yokohama.
Can I see that?
It was the greatest earthquake on record.
I can do without his help.
I knew that Tom knew Mary.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
I don't love you anymore.
Tom smiled at Mary, and she smiled back.
I stayed at home last night.
He's been living off his father's financial support for ten years now.
They aren't very reliable, are they?
He is playing golf.
"Do you have any siblings?" "No, I'm an only child."
Is it Japanese food?
Tom is now studying in his room.
He had decided on a new policy.
Tom is never going to cry.
I cannot learn Finnish because I don't want to live in Finland.
I know that she is cute.
They want to get married.
I am responsible for that.
She left here right away.
You should have done it earlier. It cannot be helped now.
I have a lot of friends to help me.
Tom started the engine.
Try to learn a little English.
Eat vegetables.
Very interesting.
Don't mention it.
I have lost both principal and interest.
I had a cup of coffee at the coffee shop.
There are only three women in this class.
Many people can't, and do not want to, make the effort to understand others.
He saluted the lady.
I want to be a doctor.
I explained the reason in detail.
She has a lot of experience in this field of work.
The taxi I took was very old and small.
They came to John and told him.
Please turn off the light before you go to sleep.
She decided to quit her job.
Japanese anime these days is becoming more and more like pornography.
We're going to a Japanese restaurant!
Tom's grandmother looks healthy.
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.
Is this the train for New York?
Tom maintained his innocence.
Don't throw trash here.
That'll put you in danger.
Let's get on the bus.
Christopher Columbus wasn't an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
When you're here, I feel safer.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
Doing this is a lot of fun.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
More and more people are moving to urban areas.
It's been ten years since I came to this town.
I really don't understand this problem.
Sorry?
I made friends with a student from abroad.
Are you coming?
We saw this movie and we loved it.
Would you like something to drink?
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
The woodpecker is pecking the tree trunk vigorously.
My grandfather died when I was a boy.
The plural form of "louse" is "lice".
Who did you give that to?
We had a chat for a while.
You must put an end to this foolish behavior.
She found employment as a typist.
What place on Earth coulde be better than the place your people came from?
This means nil.
I never expected to meet her in a place like that.
Tom won't interfere with you.
He also saw it.
Life is too short to worry about things like that.
Don't touch these.
The weather is fine today!
He's bound to notice your mistake.
I prefer to eat something else.
I'll stay until tomorrow.
It may, indeed, be a mistake.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
My grandson is still a baby.
There's a little whiskey in this bottle.
Tom was all alone.
Tom does not know how to snowboard.
I'm not used to walking long distances.
Turn up the TV.
Tom was buried Monday.
Is this a duty-free shop?
I'll keep that book for myself.
I always wanted to see you.
Are you a doctor?
He is anxious to know the result.
Put on your shoes. Let's go out for dinner.
You said you'd help me.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
Children are to be deceived with sweets and men with oaths.
I think he'll never return.
He is waiting at the Greyhound station.
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.
He can speak Japanese very well, but I cannot understand German.
The Netherlands is a small country.
I'm going to learn French.
All the wealth in the world is useless when death comes knocking on your door.
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.
No one will see us.
I wholeheartedly admire your understanding of Chinese.
We have absolutely nothing in common.
The conflict between blacks and whites in the city became worse.
We happened to meet her in the park.
Don't forget to turn off the TV before you go to sleep.
Make sure you read this if you want to learn the Kadazan language.
As for me, I have no objection.
He speaks Spanish quickly.
I shouldn't have gone to the beach without Tom.
I was often there.
I abandoned my plans.
Can you swim?
There is no hope of his recovery.
She dreamed that she was a princess.
There's a hole in my coat.
You don't need to hurry.
Look at all that money.
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
Greek is hard to learn.
She is obstinate.
I don't know where he lives.
The only thing I want to do right now is sleep.
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.
Always.
That bus will take you to the zoo.
Latin was the language of religion and culture.
As soon as I have a dog, I'll start going for walks frequently.
Mary's wife is bi.
Your team is stronger than ours.
Her mother calls her.
Her answer was that she never had seen that man.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
Foreign people intrigue me.
Did you invite her to spend Christmas here?
I made an apple pie for you.
I'd like to take another look.
You should have stayed in the car.
The flowers withered up.
Study hard.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
They congratulated us on our victory.
Spanish is his mother tongue.
In any case, I'll call you tomorrow.
I just found out that he's sick, so I'll visit him later.
Where are we going now? To the theatre or the cinema?
Don't judge a person by his appearance.
This room is not big.
Does anyone speak English?
The bicycle needs repair.
Nobody's going to shed any tears if that old building gets torn down.
That's the best approach to the study of English.
But I don't have any money.
I studied Italian in school.
He knows German and French, not to mention English.
Have you washed?
He calls her on the phone every day.
It is no use worrying about it.
I'm glad I could be of service.
Her girlfriend is part of the itty bitty titty committee.
Tom was absent yesterday.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
A boy is walking across the street.
No one believes me.
When she wears glasses, she looks like her mother.
The ladies don't notice him.
I'm considering studying in the United States next year.
We were bored.
He's just as tall as the other boys in his class.
Having been written in haste, the book has a lot of errors.
See you around.
They are unreliable.
That has been an evil rabbit.
This photograph was taken by him.
Tom has a dog named Cookie.
Why are you learning Cantonese?
I don't like summer.
Shahina is an Arabic name meaning "falcon".
All you have to do is to take care of yourself.
May I eat this orange?
Tom doesn't have much energy today.
I have to wake Tom up.
Would you be able to do it?
There cannot be life without the sun.
That's a huge challenge.
I took advantage of an opportunity.
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.
You may go swimming or fishing.
You could run.
To tell you the truth, this is a little too spicy for me.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
There's nothing I can do.
It has ceased raining.
I told him I wanted to go to Boston.
Ben learned to make a fire without matches.
Tom often takes pictures with his phone.
She wears a lot of makeup.
We will be living in England.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
How much will it be?
The fans went silent as they nervously watched the penalty shootout between the two teams.
He's my senior by two years.
Lincoln was elected President in 1860.
The bill, please.
I'm looking for work.
I'm going to the Number Four hospital.
I want to pay by credit card.
I know those women.
Tom has no manners.
Many people make that mistake.
He told me to be kind to others.
The tiger cub looked like a large kitten.
Nobody can stop me!
The African ground squirrels collaborate and are not aggressive to other mammals.
This problem seems difficult.
Luckily he had enough money to pay the bill.
That is the funniest joke that I have ever heard.
He entirely lost his temper with me.
She has two uncles; one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka.
He painted a dog.
He ran here to tell me this.
Why don't you go to school?
Inside the room there is a smell of smoke.
This update will be released at 10 o'clock this morning.
I told you to stop, didn't I?
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
It is not always easy to distinguish the Japanese from the Chinese.
This word has been in my notebook for a long time.
I'll be back within two hours.
This cake is very sweet.
Africa is a very large continent.
I got my bicycle repaired.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
I do not work.
I've never seen you so happy.
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
John doesn't know what to do next.
Tom says he hopes Mary is able to do that.
How disappointing!
Did you write him a letter?
English people rarely talk to strangers in the train.
I'm fixing the radio which I found on my way home.
You are my mother.
What shall we eat for breakfast?
Speak more slowly so that we can understand you.
That was the first time I'd seen Tom so angry.
I wish I could stop thinking about Tom.
It was a modest outcome.
He left his brolly on the bus.
Whoever said money can't buy happiness simply didn't know where to go shopping.
That comic's jokes are all old hat and we've heard them before.
Who's your favorite philosopher?
I think I'm gonna sneeze. Give me a tissue.
Without a doubt!
Why are you studying German?
When did you buy it?
He plays golf every weekend.
I understand what she's saying.
She was elected chairman of the committee.
I would like to drink a coffee.
How many brothers do you have?
I think you're not that hot.
But it wasn't over yet.
At the restaurant, do not order fried squid.
Pfirsichbaeumchen is from Germany.
I'm afraid I have to go now.
Hurry up and go to bed!
I remember meeting him in Paris.
A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.
I wrote three letters last night.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
When did you last wipe someone's tears away?
Wash your hands before eating.
I had no idea Tom wasn't happy.
A lot of people swim here in the summer.
He hung his jacket on the coat stand.
That bridge is very beautiful.
I bought several books yesterday.
Do you want to see my bedroom?
Do you like running?
Draft beer tastes especially good on a hot day.
I will be with you tonight.
Do you have a soup bowl?
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
It won't work.
You have to learn standard English.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
Tom can't get over Mary.
Last night we were stargazing on the roof.
Are all the prices the same?
The coffee is cold.
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
It was pretty dark under the bridge.
You're your own worst enemy.
He is the best player on our team.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John would be afraid to do that.
I don't dare ask the boss to borrow the car.
He doesn't have a friend he can rely on.
They're fast runners.
I need to jump start my car.
You don't seem to be as afraid as Tom seems to be.
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
You didn't tell me you worked for Tom.
Sleep well, Timmy.
I want a girlfriend.
That girl is good-looking.
You may choose whichever book you like.
Is there any sugar?
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it?
You are very beautiful.
Shut all the doors and windows.
He is a pianist.
His opinion is generally correct.
Tom has a big appetite.
What's your favorite season of the year?
I've sung this next song many times.
Tom was a very loud child.
What time do you finish school?
Sixty-four-bit software will not run on 32-bit architecture.
You have to wait in the queue.
He comes from England.
I need help from several people.
Why worry about it?
You're working too hard. Take it easy for a while.
I'm the best.
I'm really sorry to hear that.
Mali is one of the poorest countries in Subsaharan Africa.
Were you right?
Let's play baseball after school.
There is a strike.
She's dieting.
We have a big supermarket.
English is not my mother tongue.
I know that's not true.
Paul's success was a myth.
He brought me to the bus stop.
I can do that for Tom.
Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
No one answered my question.
I prefer traditional characters. Due to the abundance of reading materials in simplified characters, I can recognize many of them too.
One of my bags is missing.
Do you enjoy plays, films and such?
Small timers can also create history.
What are your names?
Please turn off the light before you go to bed.
What Tom said wasn't true.
Let's all pray together.
He has been busy.
He had the privilege of a private education.
The seats in the library are all taken again.
At what time does your class end?
I have to help my mother.
The cat is looking at the fish.
I'm peeling the celery and the potatoes.
There are often border conflicts between these two countries.
In order to complete the development on schedule, we request that other unrelated tasks be delayed for the moment.
The cold weather lasted for three weeks.
I got something nice for you.
Haven't I met you before?
The lemon has a flavor all of its own.
My car was stolen by a thief.
How many moons does Jupiter have?
I lived in Japan three years ago.
Can I take a look at that jacket?
Tom doesn't need to worry about that.
Don't make noise while eating soup.
There's something I want to tell you.
We speak the same language, don't we?
It rang.
She came at once.
The bucket was full of water.
I really do want that.
Jane had a very boring weekend.
He is the man I saw yesterday.
Lots of herons live in the marsh.
All Mary wanted was someone to love her.
You do me wrong.
Have you ever seen him swimming?
How much does this pen cost?
Next time it will be my turn to drive.
I made a decision to study abroad.
There are islands in the sea.
We came in sight of the hill.
Her daughter is a nurse.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
Only with wisdom can one distinguish between good and evil; only with humility can one build a happy life.
They say this old house is haunted.
One needs to do their best in all things, and more importantly work within their abilities.
At first I thought the development board was up the spout, but it was just a loose connection.
Put handcuffs on him.
I want to learn to swim.
I'm 30 years old.
I have no future.
People must use foxes to catch foxes.
Where can you buy a ticket to get in?
Jack is one of my friends.
A dangerous criminal escaped from prison.
He's a psycho.
We rented a canoe.
He told me he didn't kiss her.
Mary has many friends.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't die.
Mr Tani is not so much a scholar as a journalist.
Their friendship moved us deeply.
Regardless of whether you come tomorrow or not, let me know.
This is the biggest car in the world.
Are you new?
This is not my type.
Had it not been for his help, I should have failed.
2016 was the hottest year on record.
The market rose half a point.
I need to get some stamps.
Let's not argue.
If you study earnestly, you can expect to pass the exam.
How long can it be kept going with 100 dollars?
Tell me about it.
She sat at the window.
The room was crowded with guests.
Do you have rice?
No one knows whether he loves her or not.
We're not Russian.
When I arrived, it was raining.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
She always dresses very simply.
That person needs to be relieved from his post.
The languages that have been transliterated within the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
My neighbor's dog is dead.
Although he is Chinese, he doesn't speak Chinese.
We will go to Beijing and Shanghai.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
Are you going to use this?
This is a very old book.
I told you before!
Correct me if I'm wrong.
It is feasible.
Tom didn't finish his homework.
Ken stopped talking and began to eat.
You'd rather translate sentences than chat with me.
They were made of rough brown leather.
I want to know why Tom wants us to do that.
Can't you help me look for my wallet?
Mary is filing her nails.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
They will never agree.
We're adults.
This is a DVD.
My teeth aren't as white as I'd like them to be.
Please phone me before you come.
A car went by at terrific speed.
Tom was not apologetic.
I am eating a slice of watermelon.
Today I studied Chinese for two hours.
Tom sang Mary's favorite song.
I am Japanese, but you are an American.
He is as young a teacher as ever taught here.
It doesn't sound like Tom.
I have to do it one more time.
My father tries to abstain from drinking.
A lot of houses were washed away by the flood.
The Shanghainese people must build up Shanghai's new image.
He is taller than I am.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
Suddenly, it began to rain.
I have something I want to say to you.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
He wrote a new book.
You ought to tell Tom that you'll likely be late.
You never know what you can do till you try.
I believe you're honest.
Mary wished she could go outside and play.
Tell me!
He speaks ten languages.
"Why should Japanese people have to study English? Foreigners should have to study Japanese!" "What you say makes sense!"
Tom and Mary are busy.
Do you think this'll work?
The meat has gone bad.
It looks like rain tomorrow, but I'll try my best.
Just relax.
He always takes his time in everything that he does.
I am not ill.
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.
It is better to teach someone how to fish than to give someone a fish.
Please be careful when crossing the street.
Many economists are ignorant of that fact.
We felt the ground trembling.
Nice seeing you, too.
We do not know if he is coming or not.
I don't know when she'll be back.
Let's begin with this problem.
I live in Japan.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
Are you here to see Tom?
The trees have begun to bud.
I'll pick you up at your home at five.
Disregard it.
Faster!
For all you say about him, I still like him.
This is due to English being a world language.
I don't understand.
Boston is too cold for me, let alone Chicago.
At Christmas we send Christmas cards to our friends.
I had trouble unwrapping the package.
I like listening to the radio.
Look at this table; it has been written out clearly.
I want to explore the world. It’s my dream.
I am fond of cars.
Where does Tom live?
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.
Everybody looks up to Tom.
Do vampires have a sense of taste?
Tom will likely never do that again.
This is the first time I've heard my little brother call me "big sister."
Take care of yourself.
You can't fall asleep.
The young man is a doctor.
Instead of just the marketing department completing all their work objectives is not as effective as all the departments working together and mutually realising all the objectives.
Mike has a few friends in Florida.
Birds make their nests in trees.
The unemployment rate went up to 5% because of the recession.
Beyond this I know nothing.
You can't go outside.
The sky was clear when I left home.
I told her that you're a nice girl.
We have three children.
Tom stood up from his chair.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
Tom came home drunk last night.
Buy me a snack.
He's a hopeless case.
We accept all major credit cards.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
My brother’s in the army. He was just promoted to the rank of major.
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
Who has the menus?
What's your favorite fruit?
The lubrication system was poorly designed.
I had intended to go shopping this afternoon.
He got accustomed to the new way of living.
My mother almost never complains.
Her oldest daughter got married.
Did Tom ever threaten you?
This room does not get much sun.
That house is ours.
The economic situation of the country worsened.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
Bob is a nice person.
The policeman aimed his gun at the man.
I have a pair of red shoes.
The doctor is known to everyone in the village.
She is at work right now.
The decorating isn't bad.
How many blankets are there on the bed?
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
I'll bring wine.
Starting next month, I'm not subscribing to a newspaper.
She saw her mother and smiled.
Anybody can join.
She is stubborn.
I fell in love with her the moment I met her.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.
However, all these data were not confirmed.
She lets her children have their own way too much.
I am from North Korea.
I don't have classes today.
Let's meet again soon.
My apartment is near here.
Tom wants to speak.
I think he's a man of ability.
English is difficult, innit?
This is obviously dependent on the relationship...
Do your best.
I've never seen Tom so angry.
She bought a toy for her child.
I am glad to see her.
She is not Anna.
I saw grandfather last week.
How old is that painting?
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
He came by car.
She said she will go to Paris in August.
Tom and Mary went deer hunting.
She gave the blouse a quick wash.
You've got to be some special kind of crazy to like this crap.
Do not talk nonsense, My job is very boring!
He often asks silly questions.
Tom's a good fellow.
These are cakes that she baked herself.
Will you go to Harvard?
Fish is cheap today.
I will give you the money tomorrow.
I don't like this hat.
What can I say?
How old is he?
These books are new.
How come you didn't call me last night?
We need a car.
I love my yellow sweater.
He worked last night without taking a break.
I don't think it's good.
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees, even in midsummer.
My father will be forty soon.
Could you repeat that?
She whispered something to him.
Africa is a continent of migration.
Tom landed on the moon.
Whose cup is this?
So that's Tatoeba.
I won't say it again.
She does not like sushi.
In addition to English, he speaks German.
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Let's break off, shall we?
I shouldn't have gotten so angry.
I don't mind lending you the money provided you pay it back within a month.
I'm going to buy the bilingual dictionary next Saturday.
Ill weeds grow apace.
There is a spoon missing.
Where are we?
Ken is happy.
I don't go to school on Sunday.
I just can't believe it.
He was not aware of the danger.
I don't know who to choose.
They forgot to lock the door.
That is an old castle.
These are the new ones.
Are there any students from Korea in your class?
The movie's about to start.
Clouds sail across the sky.
He is a better swimmer than I.
Tom is accustomed to getting up early.
Children all leave the nest one day.
I'll be here for a while.
My grandfather speaks very slowly.
Jealousy made him do that.
In front of the Buddhist Hall, a sign says: "Beware of all the life under your steps."
Are you free in the afternoon?
I know from his speech that he is not an American.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest here.
He lives somewhere around the park.
America is very large.
Can I enter a sentence in French?
My brothers are dolphins.
I was barely able to work.
Everything went black.
Who are you voting for?
The accident happened two hours ago.
I admire you for your courage.
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
It's worth a try.
She went into her room to change her dress.
I worked three years as Tom's assistant.
The plane flew toward the west.
Why did you give him this gift?
I've got to stop her.
We are bound to each other by a close friendship.
I've already waited nearly half an hour.
What time will you go to school tomorrow?
I want to earn a lot of money.
I don't like chocolate.
Give your best effort in all that you do.
I always forget people's names.
This question is not that simple.
I buy you a present.
It's not dinnertime yet.
Why is my buddy an idiot?
I've never met such a kind man.
Could you solve the problem?
I need to get to bed.
Who owns this house?
He might have lost his way.
Let me come in.
I also want to try.
Tom is friendly to me.
You must share your jobs with others.
Would you like to leave a message?
I'm going to the square.
We need you to tell us why you were absent all last week.
Who's Tom's girlfriend?
Where is your other brother?
It is a privilege to meet you.
I wish I had seen her.
He's really in good shape.
That movie was really moving.
I am learning English with the idea of going to America.
The child was paralyzed with fear.
A slip of the tongue is sometimes fatal to a politician.
Japan consists of four major islands and over 3,000 small islands, and is about equal to California in area.
She is dieting.
Tom probably doesn't know how to do that as well as Mary.
Who told you to write with your left hand?
I have a lot of homework.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
Old people were tricked by the shop assistant.
Although I enjoy bowling, I haven't gone bowling recently.
There's no use crying over spilled milk.
I made John happy.
I woke up early.
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.
Have you ever dreamed about me?
Who will console me?
I can't understand why you are so critical of him.
The two streets run parallel to one another.
I was just about to come looking for you.
He's still here in the classroom studying.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
No one encouraged her.
This is your only chance.
Squirrels move quickly.
I'm tired of living this kind of life.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
It's so secret that even I don't know what it's all about.
We are starting at six.
I don't see why I had to come along.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
That is how I learned English.
Tom made some mistakes in the test.
We had a heated discussion about it.
He's in the hospital.
I'll call you up later.
It's now my turn.
She was born in America.
"Drawing dragons and dotting in the eyes" is a fable.
The haze enveloped London.
She's been in hospital for a month.
I do not like science.
He has just become headmaster.
Friday is housewarming party!
Tom knew who was inside his house.
Don't walk on the flower bed.
He is older than she is by three years.
This is my car.
Is it true?
I also agree.
I will answer within three days.
As long as you are here, we might as well begin.
I should be ready by 2:30.
What do tigers eat?
Usually I cycle or get the bus to work.
It isn't right.
We have consumed all the natural resources.
This makes me angry.
What more would you want?
You're the only one who can do it.
I don't feel like eating sushi.
I don't want to be laughed at.
She will have to cook for everyone.
You don't look nervous.
I hope to see it again.
He seems like he doesn't understand this at all.
He is always on time for an appointment.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.
We made every effort to help him.
Convenience stores and supermarkets can sell medicine since 2009.
Please give me something to drink.
You could count to ten when you were two.
I don't see any bullet holes.
Tom uses Twitter every day.
Quit chattering.
Put on your apron.
I really like eating seafood.
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
No cross, no crown.
This Irishman is capable of anything.
By whom was this picture painted?
We take a bath every day.
Have you ever sucked a penis?
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
We took him for an American.
They've decided to get married next month.
He did not get up early.
The fundamental cause of the problem is that in the modern world, idiots are full of confidence, while the intelligent are full of doubt.
Mother made me clean the bathroom.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
Does Tom have to stay home today?
In this tomb from the Han dynasty, a book was found.
He cannot answer their questions.
Are you my father?
Are you nervous?
We'll go on a picnic if it's fine tomorrow.
He plays the guitar well.
Tom needed to wash his car.
Look at my new car.
Look at that smoke.
Happiness is determined by your heart.
Was the movie good?
He took a swig from his flask.
Please be ready in fifteen minutes.
No one lived on the island at that time.
Don't throw stones into the river.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
I'm on the roof now.
He got married quickly.
The bell rang.
These problems will be solved in the near future.
I think that he's from Italy.
The house collapsed under the weight of the snow.
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.
What have you put in it?
Did you hear the news?
I have no problem with my boss.
Where are my watches?
It's worth a go.
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
Nancy is having a chat with her friends.
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
If Tom is really alive, where is he?
I'm very glad to see you again.
We often went skiing in the winter.
He cheated on the biology exam.
He plays the piano better than I do.
He told me that he was busy then.
They didn't come here, did they?
They are now in the south of France.
You can use a telescope to look at the stars.
It's quite large.
Many parents take pride in their children.
There is an old saying there: “No flower fairs, no Spring Festival.”
The children ran down the hill.
Don't doubt his words.
She got married to her.
Our beloved father would read us some prose every week to better our understanding of the world's beauty.
I wish I was the same height as Tom.
By the year 2020, the population of our city will have doubled.
I'm studying English drama.
More recently, some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history.
The time will come when you'll regret it.
No problem!
Tom was the one who suggested that I buy this.
When it comes to movies I like anything, as long as it's not horror.
He decided to become a pilot.
Are you over 18?
No one believed what I said.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
They gave away the ending.
I'm the same height as Tom.
While I was reading in bed last night, I fell asleep with the light on.
The weather today's great, with no rain, clear skies, and a perfect temperature.
This is communism.
Mary grabbed her purse and left.
The president is presently in Miami.
I have heard her story before.
I'm sorry, I love you.
I have a job for you.
He wanted to go to the beach with her.
Who do you love?
Lettuce leaves wither easily.
We have important issues to discuss.
She plays tennis after school.
Is it something I said?
Grab this.
Do you like to play golf?
In this secret code, each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
Is this for sale?
Tom is fluent in three languages.
I have a lot of sheep.
We've got lots of time.
It isn't necessary for us to attend the meeting.
He left without saying goodbye.
His brother studies hard.
She has a sense of humor.
It's no use telling me anything.
It really works.
Where are you going to eat lunch?
Caution: wet floor
He likes geography and history.
That's right!
A truck was standing in the middle of the road.
We need one more spoon.
Nobody can know everything.
How hot it is today!
Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
The river is 300 kilometers in length.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
The telephone on my desk rang persistently and loudly.
I love you. Is there any chance you might love me back?
You are listening to him.
Shouldn't you be studying?
I got him to polish my shoes.
I may have left my umbrella in the bus.
I don't like either tea or coffee.
Please save electricity.
Why are you not doing it?
He wears his hair long.
The summit of Mt. Fuji was covered in snow.
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.
I'm freezing.
Her older daughter is married.
My wife has just cleared the table.
Who doesn't love a rebel?
Take as much as you like.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
Tom is standing in the garden.
He ordered a chop suey.
They should all be fired.
The summer was over in no time.
He is very brave.
The argument ended in a fight.
My brother is not as tall as Jiro.
Look at him. He looks like an idiot but he's also very cute.
Why do you always avoid that topic?
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
That's one of the things that I like about Tom.
Stars began to appear in the sky.
We have to abandon the plan.
Your actions are tolerable, as a kid.
This is life.
Can you play the organ?
Is he a teacher?
At first, I thought he was your brother.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
I like to be with you.
Never confuse pity with love.
The amount of paper produced by a country is closely related to its cultural standards.
I just want to be happy.
We let him keep the dog.
Tom didn't want to go.
Get out of my life!
I suggest that he come to Poland a bit earlier.
The bread is not fresh.
I can't take it anymore! I haven't slept for three days!
The swimmers were numb with cold.
Should I buy a wireless mouse?
I'm Chinese.
There's no need to be polite with this kind of person.
He's just now having a go himself.
I have lost my cap.
What you said is not true.
There is a trace on the table.
Tom cried for a long time.
Why sentences? …you may ask. Well, because sentences are more interesting.
I didn't know she was ill.
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.
What's under your bed?
I won't be long.
Can I borrow your car?
Can you teach me to play chess?
A minute has sixty seconds.
Please take your hat off.
Would you like to have some coffee?
White doves are beautiful birds.
I was really moved by this.
I got this bicycle for nothing.
I waited an hour for my friend.
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
What should I look for?
Tom watches too much TV.
How do you spell the word?
I seem to have a fever.
I wish we could spend more time together.
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.
Have you ever seen a UFO?
He is my brother, not my father.
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
We felt the house shake a little.
I have a book.
We will begin the party when he comes.
Do Japanese eat a lot of fish?
Poor health prohibited him from traveling.
I am afraid I can't help you.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
I don't like children.
Which group do you want to join?
Sixty minutes make an hour, and a minute is made up of sixty seconds.
Mary is answering the teacher's question.
Jake quickly threw the ball in to his teammate.
Fear quickly turned into anger.
We're going to discuss the problem tomorrow.
You tried to convince Tom not to do that anymore, didn't you?
Did Paula study for today's test?
She was always quarreling with her brothers.
This account does not agree with the facts.
Tom is diabetic.
I'll see you in the new year.
Excuse me, how much does this cost?
She is his best girlfriend.
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming.
Whatever happens, keep calm.
Tom never washes his car.
What do you plan to sell?
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
She is going to Mount Tate.
The proletarians lose nothing in this revolution but their chains.
He has an incurable disease.
Are they cute?
I wish I could speak English.
What is this nonsense?
How did you come by this money?
She hated him.
I won't return.
I'm sure you would do the same for me.
My grandfather died in the Second World War.
Who was this picture painted by?
Hurry up. We're about to pass that car up ahead.
What is your problem?
I'm always thirsty.
You're angry again.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
The two boys are quarreling.
Tom was too scared to say anything.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
These fields produce a rich harvest.
That's the way it is.
We played tennis yesterday.
Can you take Tom to the hospital?
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.
Until when will you stay in Japan?
Your action has offended his dignity.
The door opened, and a man came out.
She's skinny.
Walk ahead of me.
He admitted he was wrong.
We had a heavy rainfall last night.
All of Tom's predictions came true.
People are more important than money.
How come you have not started yet after a day.
I would like to visit New York.
They go to movies together.
Their goods are of the highest quality.
He turned on the lights.
Everything will be OK.
That wasn't my intent.
This is a map.
Thank you for your present.
I know that you still want to be with me.
Tom isn't afraid of anything.
I'm tossing and turning, repeatedly thinking about what happened today, deeply remorseful.
I forgive you.
My brother goes to college in Kobe.
He has a master's degree in mathematics.
The police arrested the suspect.
I can't believe Tom just did that.
The boy was very sharp at physics.
What's this?
I must renew my passport.
What have you been doing these last few years?
So I stopped reading.
By coincidence, these two are still being serviced.
In life, you gain and lose things, but also can't force things to happen.
I want to become a nurse.
Ikebana is part of Japanese culture.
Did you use a condom?
I've missed another chance.
He came to Japan two years ago.
She was absorbed in the video.
Is there a mall near here?
I don't want to work tomorrow.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
Without a dictionary, it would probably be hard to study English.
He has not written to us since last February.
And where do you want to sit?
His story amused everyone.
Tom doesn't believe he could do that.
I couldn't help but follow her.
The electricity came on again in a few minutes.
Jesus is God in Christianity.
How dare you speak to me like that?
Juan died from tuberculosis.
She really does like animals.
They say that golf is very popular in Japan.
How many people work there?
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
Why is it important to know about a company’s culture?
The atomic bomb is the offspring of 20th century physics.
This car once had a foreign licence.
Fuck this, I'm done, spent way too much money.
Tom is used to getting up early in the morning.
I'm rarely this angry.
Will you be there?
I received my birthday present.
The dance had already started when I got there.
Would you like some more salad?
Would you please shut the window?
Wine is bottled poetry.
He has been secretly in love with her.
We have physical education.
Are they all like this?
The heads of the flowers in the garden were drooping.
She's curious to find out who sent the flowers.
I hope I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
French bread is delicious.
Is it true that you built this house by yourself?
I should obey.
China has about 25 times the area of Japan.
The population is growing.
I used a knife to cut the cake.
They increased the territory of the empire.
Oh, you are early this morning.
My school library has a collection of 2.5 million books.
What are you punishing them for?
I'll show you around the town.
The bird was covered with white feathers.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
I can't ask Tom right now.
What are you getting at?
If Tom doesn't take the prescribed medicine, his state of health might deteriorate.
Tom's Canadian.
Can I come over?
I heard that he'd died.
Ann loves chocolate.
Karuizawa is famous as a summer resort.
It's a good idea.
There's no salt.
He wasn't earning a large salary when he retired.
Let's eat now. I'm dying of hunger.
Are you awake yet?
He seems to be asleep.
The temperature has fallen below zero this morning.
This car needs washing.
Only one third of the members turned up at the meeting.
I waited for her to speak.
Tom is a little depressed.
I have coffee, tea, water, and fresh fruit juice.
It was for a dead person rather than a living one that we were searching.
I forgot that today was April Fool's Day.
My friends and I want to work in South Korea.
I can't predict what'll happen.
I was watching TV when Yumi came.
The car is Brian’s.
Tom found Mary's umbrella in the trunk of his car.
I know that some of your students don't like you.
I haven't seen a thing.
He likes green in a lighter shade.
Do you think this is a language or a dialect?
There is a cat under the desk.
I'm a Muslim.
It sounds interesting.
The cancer has spread to her stomach.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
Tom said he thought that he should study French.
I'm not going to show any fear.
I regret that I will be unable to meet you on February 27 owing to an unexpected matter.
I'd like to try on this dress.
Tom is still in the hospital.
Coffee and tea stimulate me.
How can I get to the train station?
We need to do what's necessary.
Maybe you should study harder next time.
All at once they began to laugh.
You'd better consult the doctor.
You've already eaten the cake.
Tom refused to answer any questions.
Damn! It's not bad!
I saw a beautiful waterfall there.
Politicians are good at raising money.
You'd better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
This type of problem should be able to be solved.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
What're you saying?
Stay home. Don't go outside!
"No way!" "Way."
The book fell from the cabinet.
I passed the city hall on my way to the station.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
The lady tolerated the man.
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
Where did the horse go?
Your shoes are here.
I am reaching the climax.
There is no sea in Armenia.
Each movement of the dancer was perfect.
I'm not hungry.
I am a Japanese high school girl.
Don't exaggerate now.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
Why did you cry so much?
Wherever you go, I will follow.
Ken was reading when I came home.
That music is worth listening to many times.
I only kissed her once.
For example, China's public transport is without a doubt better than the UK's, but the UK's public welfare may be better than China's.
Dinner will be ready by six-thirty.
We're everywhere.
Do you guys know each other?
She loves her son deeply.
English is my mother tongue.
If you see a mistake, then please correct it.
The leaves on the trees fall as winter comes.
I have a high temperature.
Vikings didn't really wear horned helmets.
It seems this is something you can't comprehend.
I need size 10 shoes!
I go to Ankara University.
This book of his isn't interesting at all.
I've just got up.
Please wait a little while longer.
Out of everyone there, I spoke the least.
The moon is pretty in the fall.
Interest rates are still low.
This question must be discussed separately from that one.
Until he comes back, I will wait here.
He will be back tomorrow.
Do you speak French well?
We plan to climb that mountain.
For the time being, I'm studying French at this language school.
"Can I use your dictionary?" "Yes, here you are."
You can't put toothpaste back in the tube.
On the table there are some books.
My siblings slept in the garden.
Tom is on his way here.
Does the train stop at the next station?
What books did you buy?
He has queer ideas.
He admonished them for being noisy.
This area is still underdeveloped because of a lack of interest from the government.
She's loved by her friends.
This is because you approach everything as a total person, with no loose ends hanging out to signify divided intentions.
She and I hold the same position in the company, but she earns more than I do.
I can do this myself.
You are not a student.
Can you give me a sheet?
She started dancing when she was eight.
I can't even imagine my life without him.
Do you want to eat noodles or rice? Do you want to drink fruit juice or coffee?
His pride prevented him from asking others for help.
Tom went to his room.
At present there are about 31 million Americans over the age of sixty-five.
I still don't understand what's happening.
Have you ever been to France?
I'll see as I walk along.
I was watching television when the telephone rang.
I like butterflies.
Well, let's get the ball rolling.
When do you go to class?
She's two years older than you.
'can' is an auxiliary verb, so in question sentences it is brought to the start of the phrase.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
Enjoy the moment!
Apart from English, he speaks German.
Cats don't like water.
The situation there was critical.
The refrigerator is open.
We have three airplanes.
I am from Brazil.
The large crowd roared in approval as Mark Knopfler played the first few bars of "Money for Nothing".
David is very active.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
In point of fact, she had nothing to do with the scandal.
Tom showed her the letter from Santa Claus.
She had only a small sum of money.
Mary said she was angry.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.
You may leave your bag here.
I'm really worried.
One minute has sixty seconds.
Give me what you have in your hand.
Should I go to college?
It is going to rain soon.
Is this hat yours?
How many years have you studied Chinese for?
Our library is on the third floor.
I am an optimist by nature.
Life is tough.
We are a couple.
I need something for an adult.
What happened to his daughter?
I am not from India.
I forgot my cellphone.
It fell upon me to take care of my mother.
Don't trust a man whose past you know nothing about.
According to the newspaper, there was a big fire last night.
I had to go to America.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
What'll you be doing at this time tomorrow?
When he writes, he always keeps a dictionary at hand.
I think Tom already knows.
I can't believe you love me.
The flowers have all withered.
Is Tom sick?
The burglar was traced by one of the things she had left on the scene.
Then give me two more!
Fifty-two per cent of British women prefer chocolate to sex.
I didn't understand in the least what he said.
"Hahaha! We're going to make it rain, boys! By this time next week, we'll be swimming in cash!"
He took off to the south.
Please knock before you come in.
Can I use your pen?
What is your opinion on this matter?
German is not as difficult as Icelandic.
He really loves beer and gets drunk every day.
I've got to go to the library.
How come you say nothing?
Do you like to study?
Tom was embarrassed to have to ask for help.
Why do you want a horse?
He also speaks French.
Every month when I receive my salary, I give 5000 Japanese Yen to my mother.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
The rent can be a bit expensive, but something nearby would be best.
It will not rain tomorrow.
You can't deny the validity of everything she did just because of a single mistake.
Who built it?
Mary said she would do her homework.
I'm working in Boston now.
What did you do with your camera?
I don't know when my mother will come back.
What's the most convenient way to get to Tokyo Station?
This car is running less smoothly than it used to.
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.
Sami lowered Layla down the mountain slowly.
What's Tom's excuse?
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
It was not my intention.
I worked in a post office during the summer vacation.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
Is it love?
Tomoko asked her friends to come to her party.
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.
To master English is hard.
If he is innocent, then his wife is guilty.
Boil chestnuts for at least 15 minutes.
We don't wash the dishes.
Sam made the school basketball team.
I know his real name, and where he lives.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He's not very strict about this.
Is it poisonous?
I must go home.
I haven't been to Australia.
Were it not for music, the world would be a dull place.
Tom is thirty.
Anyone can use this dictionary.
I've never been to Istanbul.
Execute him.
Did you pull the plug out?
This broken vase cannot be repaired.
We called him a "hero", but he betrayed us.
John started the car.
One third of the population of that country cannot read.
Are they going to fight?
You think I'm mad, don't you?
People should be encouraged.
Everybody had to do this.
The park is filled with children.
Music is his passion.
The committee consists of four members.
You need to attach your photo to the application form.
He forgot to turn off the light.
A man is as old as he feels and a woman as old as she looks.
I've already eaten breakfast.
She is not only good at running; she is also good at singing.
Don't buy things on credit.
He did it at the expense of his health.
Mary is having a kip after lunch.
Constant dripping wears away a stone.
I got up about five.
Sami went inside and called the cops.
I can swim well.
Wash your face.
I want to let you know how important you are to me.
It is said that the war will end soon.
I waited for five hours.
I'll go to Hokkaido next month with my friend.
I'm afraid to go first, it's too dark.
It seemed that she had already received the money.
You must do it yourself.
He is fond of fishing.
Can I get to know you for a bit?
You're good with women.
It is very hot here in the summer.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
I'm folding my dress.
On leaving school, we presented him with a table clock as a token of our thanks.
He took us back in his car.
Did he look like a doctor?
I believe it's my duty to protect these children.
I am starting this evening.
Sami was having an affair with a girl named Layla.
Tom ordered lunch.
I'll dream about you.
You are the woman of my dreams.
Everything has a cause and effect.
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.
Almost everybody was invited.
I like history.
I am looking forward to Christmas.
The shop's roller door is already shut.
The woman is very young.
You're a better skier than me.
I don't plan to stay for very long.
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.
I've lost my umbrella.
Will she come this evening?
He is always complaining.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp.
Answer my questions.
I plan to go skiing in Hokkaido.
Come if you can!
I have a separate notebook for each class.
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I'm pushed for cash.
Someone is watching.
This is difficult.
In that case, I think you should come in today.
She gave us a washing machine.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
"What would you like to buy?" "I would like to buy a dog."
I am getting off at the next station.
I hope that she will get well soon.
Those flowers are beautiful.
Tom and Mary often speak to each other in French.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
Did you tell Tom about your problems?
Stop lying.
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.
Sami's bed smells of bed.
Baristas need to make a sitcom.
I don't want to wait that long.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country that is worth a visit.
I got a piece of lead for my mechanical pencil from her.
We can't leave the counterparty any loopholes.
She should have arrived home by now.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
The coronavirus is dangerous.
My wife is a doctor.
I wish I could break the habit of smoking.
Let's take a cab.
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.
Ai finds it difficult to make friends with Ken.
I'll be leaving this evening.
He watches me quietly.
I want to go to North Korea.
Chin up, chest out.
She is going to Sendai this spring.
Do you take MasterCard?
This theory is very controversial.
I have several good friends.
What happened to you?
Every day I get up at 6 o'clock.
What do you guys do?
That's the reason he became angry.
You can rely upon his being punctual.
I'm never late for school.
That thief stole a phone on the bus.
I don't mind if I get wet.
A candle without a wick is no candle at all.
I like sports.
We drank a little.
What's it like being Tom's girlfriend?
I spend all my free time reading.
Tom took over after I left.
A programming language is actually like a foreign language.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
He's Portuguese.
She thought of herself as being charming enough.
Smoking kills.
She is wearing a pair of white, silk socks.
Fred is flying to Europa on Monday.
I'm flying to Italy.
It started to rain at four o'clock in the morning.
We often talk about the weather.
How did you like the party?
I'm good at mathematics.
This coat hasn't got any pockets.
The light is green.
Don't study.
I didn't catch your last name.
My parents and I live together.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the donut phenomenon.
That isn't wine. It's grape juice.
His opinions aren't worth listening to.
Anna, where will your father be at this time tomorrow?
You're a sicko!
Water freezes at 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
Could you say that in plain English?
How did you make a living in Tokyo?
You know that's your duty.
Please feel free to ask me questions.
Water is indispensable to life.
Our plane will be arriving at eleven in the morning.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
Mary told John the secret.
I haven't seen my girl in a long time.
We want to clear up this problem.
You should use a deodorant.
Does she speak French?
Once gone, you will never get it back.
There appears to be a party in that house.
Why aren't you married yet?
Tom seems to be an honest man.
Have you ever been in jail?
It's already open.
I am not the least bit worried.
What's Tom saying?
You are always watching TV.
Old people often talk to themselves.
It makes sense.
She asked us to leave her alone.
Come and see me tomorrow.
When does the bank close?
You have to divide what's left into four parts.
Which judge heard the case?
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.
Truth will always prevail.
The fire originated from carelessness.
They couldn't get their car started.
Winter has gone.
Neither of them are drivers.
Could you please not smoke in this room?
No admittance except on business.
I can't shut it down.
May I have a glass of milk, please?
The kitchen knife wasn't sharp enough to cut the meat, so I used my pocket knife.
Don't stay in the sun too long.
I hear Tom won't do that again.
The doctor is examining the foot.
He is always complaining of his room being small.
He is richer than anyone else in the town.
I go to school by bus.
Lake Towada is famous for its beauty.
Be a good girl.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
Those pictures were painted by him.
Where am I?
Would you like to have another beer?
I'm glad you got to meet him.
Tom's speech was excellent.
I live in this house by myself.
They set fire to their neighbor's house in revenge.
Look out for pickpockets.
How long do you plan on staying in this country?
Where is the key to this room?
I'm so dumb... I'm trying to explain things to you that I don't understand myself.
He has just become a principal.
We didn't see it.
Haven't you decided yet?
I went to the park yesterday.
Congratulations on your face.
Intelligence is doing what you are supposed to, while stupidity is doing what you are not supposed to.
There was a sudden drop in the temperature last night.
From what stems this contradiction between our hopes and our reality?
Tomorrow there is a forecast of snow.
She had a pleasant dream last night.
No pictures.
I would like to place particular emphasis on this point.
You look happy today.
I'll return at 6:30.
I refuse to answer your question.
They are trying to keep costs down.
Treat him well.
I am really sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
Are you good in math?
He told me sadly, "I'm not sure whether I should be alive."
Do you like pirate movies?
Someone broke the windscreen of my new car.
I spilled my coffee on the carpet.
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.
I want a cup of iced tea.
You sound like a politician.
I bought some clothes.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
Tom is a violin teacher.
It was already twelve when he reached home.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
Mark's book is very interesting.
Sorry, where is the nearest bus stop?
The girl sitting over there is Nancy.
I haven't eaten breakfast yet.
Marie admitted that she was a prostitute.
As a consequence, additional tests must be carried out to ensure complete security.
I was not yet married at that time.
She won everything.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
The jobless became desperate for work – any work that would help them to support their families.
I am preparing for tomorrow's math exam.
I watched it on YouTube.
Your tie looks good.
She is scared.
The girl did not say anything.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
His three children have all become musicians.
I was very busy last week.
What were you doing this morning?
I must repay the debt.
The sports world should, at this time, eliminate the collusion with criminal organizations.
I have always been proud of you.
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
Tom moved to a new place.
If you eat that much, you'll get a stomachache.
I showered.
More coffee, please.
My stomach hurts.
I'll call by the post office on the way home.
Tom was unsatisfied with the results.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
This desk is designed for children.
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
He threatened to make it public.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
Leaves lay thick in the lane.
I simply don't understand this.
Come!
English is spoken by more people than any other language.
Do you like my new haircut?
Helen visits her uncle every Sunday.
My hair is as long as Jane's.
I do not want any bananas at all.
This moment will nap, you will have a dream; But this moment study,you will interpret a dream.
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.
I must be leaving now.
Coldness sometimes don't mean apathy. It's just a tool to avoid being hurt.
He should thank you.
He built an observatory to study the stars.
Speaking in English is fun.
Everything is all right at home.
It rained five successive days.
Happiness is not to be loved, but to love.
In reality, translation is akin to working for peanuts, since the corresponding meaning of something in one language is often hidden in some deep and impenetrable recesses of the other. As a result, the translator is forced to search all over... Never mind that the picky reader is very difficult to fool.
The dog growled at a little boy.
Do you support or oppose abortion?
Get real.
You can't say four-letter words on TV.
It was raining when we arrived.
I left it on the table.
The elevator seems to be out of order.
Is it all right if I go home now?
It's impossible to go out now.
I think he'll come.
Do I need a reservation?
You have no heart.
Tom moved house.
I thought she was going to kill me.
I still have another sister.
This watch keeps correct time.
What will we be doing this time next week?
Tom took his girlfriend out on Saturday night.
It is rude of you to say so.
Today is the Mid-Autumn Festival.
He will be a good doctor.
All of a sudden, large drops of rain began falling from the dark sky.
I put some cream in my coffee.
This medicine does not have side effects.
I owe Tom some money.
An elderly person in the street fell and broke a leg.
Let's leave the decision to our teacher.
I've already done my homework.
Dad gave me a book, and my little brother gave me a pen.
I speak a little Spanish.
Give a lecture on literature.
The burglar was traced by one of the things he had left on the scene.
Ruriko is a high school student.
What accent have I got?
That dog was hit by a car.
We ate breakfast at seven.
May I borrow your knife?
Do you think Tom is having fun?
It is said that she is an expert in skiing.
My gums are bleeding.
You must take off your shoes here.
Are you mad at Tom?
There is no video proof.
Do you have the key to this door?
Actually, I was wrong.
Many pupils are poor at algebra.
I didn't hear it.
Would you like to leave a message for him?
My name is Dusanna.
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
Sit on the plane.
Government officials say there’s no evidence to support the suggestion that Chinese students may be the ones inadvertently spreading the virus.
What's in the drawer?
You will find a job.
I shouldn't've done it.
Don't cry like a child!
They don't know that I'm Japanese.
Today's low was 3 degrees.
We will only consent on that condition.
Mary ran.
She married again in her mid-forties.
I'm not very particular about food.
You can do whatever you want to.
I was tired of watching TV.
How's studying Esperanto going?
I hid under the table.
Will you be here on Wednesday?
Tom realized something.
We were friends.
He looks smug.
I asked him if he knew her address.
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time.
Please help yourself to the fruit.
You don't have to come here every day.
Beauty without bounty avails naught.
Tom's family is poor.
I'm calling from a cell phone.
Everybody was singing except me.
At what age do you want to get married?
This desk is better than that one.
I'm not as tall as you.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
You can't speak French, can you?
A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
It is important that we build up our health.
Let's split the bill today.
That's quite to my taste.
If you hurry you can still make the train.
Tom told me that I shouldn't go out alone at night.
Can Tebboune rebuild Algeria?
The life span of a butterfly is short.
Will you help me move this desk?
I like art.
Respond.
Do you know whose handwriting this is?
He hates Nancy.
I'm fine. How about you?
Are you going to eat all of that yourself?
That's my favorite chair.
I feel like the window was open all night.
Sami's behavior makes Layla feel uncomfortable.
You are too, son!
This is my favourite colour.
Did you see the eclipse yesterday?
Tom's bluffing.
There's always someone talking.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
I have to leave you.
It is delicious.
I'm coming tonight.
It took me three years.
I also went.
He pulled open the door.
I depend on the alarm clock to wake up on time every morning.
I waited until the last minute.
We instantly became friends.
She seated herself quietly before the piano.
Don't hurt her.
Her garden is a work of art.
The sun is larger than the moon.
How long have you been in here?
Bring your student ID card.
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.
Bob's father teaches at a girls' school.
I don't have a CD player, but I bought the CD anyway.
The baby was sound asleep in her mother's arms.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
Who is his friend?
You seem like you just lost your best friend.
My cousin, who is a lawyer, is in France at present.
The most beautiful thing in the sky are the stars, the most beautiful thing in life is kindness.
Looking out the window, I saw a car coming.
She is always afraid of being a klutz when going to parties.
When did that happen?
He could not swim.
Tom isn't English.
She calls me Kenji.
How high can you jump?
I can't keep up with you if you walk so fast.
I promise you that I won't ever leave you.
I wrote it myself.
We have supplied the villagers with food.
Thank you for always taking care of me.
This is his plane.
Education starts at home.
I don't have much money on me.
She is not afraid of anything.
What... you still don't know how to drive?
Please mail this letter the next time you go to the post office.
What hope is there of a cure?
What are you going to do today?
Do you know?
Let's eat sushi.
I speak Arabic.
I expected you at 11 o'clock.
I stayed up late last night.
I have no more than ten English textbooks.
How are you doing today?
It wasn't that cold.
Look around.
I feel more energetic now.
I work in a travel agency.
If you don't know the way, ask a policeman.
This factory produces CD players.
Who is this old person?
I deleted my Facebook account.
I asked Tom to wait here.
Tom wished he hadn't won.
What a good idea!
She worked side by side with men.
Discriminating against people because of their race is a mistake.
I don't blame you for hitting him.
The food isn't too great.
We could start again.
Big Brother is watching you.
If you don't make the promise, then I'll just stand by and watch.
Who wants to be a millionaire?
He grabbed a handful of rice.
She was in despair when her husband died.
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
I think you're a really nice guy.
Actually, it must end.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
It might prove useful.
I will have spent all this money in three months.
Heating water does not change its chemical composition.
I refused, of course.
Tom attends state school.
Due to a number of unfortunate causes, one-parent families are on the increase.
I found your house with difficulty.
This problem was troubling us until last night when we found the cause and fixed it.
Please come in.
This may not be a real diamond.
I arrived at the village before dark.
Tom spoke fluent French.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the truth.
I visited Tom.
I mixed them up again!
Nice to meet you.
My sister takes piano lessons twice a week.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
We took a walk in the park.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
Glenn has two girlfriends.
I'm not a dictator.
I will translate.
I don't have four sisters.
She works with single-minded determination.
I don't know where you want to go.
He is my best friend.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
My mother bought my younger brother a yellow umbrella.
Studying abroad is very common now.
I do not know the train schedules, could you find out for me?
Sami was very, very nice to me.
Coming! I'll be there in a minute!
Everyone would like to believe that dreams can come true.
He publishes books in Italy.
If you can sing, that is great.
There's nothing there.
Take out those two books!
We will not play tennis.
There is no place like home.
I remember seeing her.
Do you have a smartphone?
I saw a wonderful fall there.
It really is a headache.
Did you do something fun?
The fire broke out after the staff went home.
It makes no difference to me whether Fred came to the party or not.
What is to the left of your house?
I do not have a bicycle.
This letter is the only key to the mystery.
Do you want to watch this TV programme?
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man. Columbus, in turn, got angry and demanded his money back - claiming that even a child could state something so obvious.
Don't worry about me.
I'd like to do shopping on Fifth Avenue in New York.
He writes correct English.
What have I done?
My dream is to study Russian in Moscow.
Don't laugh!
I won't stay here for long.
He hasn't any children.
I sat by his side.
She's a woman of strong character.
Let him in.
Did anyone tell him?
It's important to her.
She's my daughter.
I've never considered doing that.
My best friend is Filipino.
According to the weather forecast, tomorrow will be snowy.
Go straight home.
Man doesn't eat man.
Tom will be a teacher someday.
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
I was the second to last person to hear the bad news.
Have you ever seen Tom mad?
Pardon me, what place is this?
The price of gold fluctuates daily.
I live in the European side of Istanbul.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
There is a rumor that he has resigned.
YouTube is not a good website.
With those words he brought the meeting to an end.
His explanation really isn't clear.
He made no mention of her request.
The bank was held up a week ago.
The baby went to sleep at once.
At the end of the first half Real Madrid were in the lead, but Chelsea won in the end.
The bottle smashed to pieces.
I have a dog. He is black and his name is Tiki.
Did Tom show an interest?
He's reading the Bible in Berber.
When I call on you, I'll let you know in advance.
I drank the coffee.
I am responsible for the mistake.
You shouldn't trust me.
I asked because I thought you knew.
As the saying goes: As long as you don't offend me, I won't offend you. But there's another saying: To strike first means victory, to strike second means tragedy.
Do you want to have a taste?
This is my business address.
She is from Austria.
Tom, we have to talk.
That star is visible to the naked eye.
Yutaka has two older brothers.
Keep it secret, please.
Tom isn't here tonight.
He was not at all satisfied.
Fingernails grow nearly four times faster than toenails.
It's not important.
No intelligent person drinks and then drives.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
He ate.
He can read.
Tom tried to kiss me, but I didn't let him.
I'm not repeating myself twice.
It is strange that he should be put up at such a cheap hotel.
This book belongs to Tony.
Tom doesn't like women who wear too much makeup.
Better run away immediately!
He speaks English so fluently that he resembles an American.
I am quite ignorant of the plan.
The teacher explained the meaning of the word to us.
She lived a long life.
He committed suicide.
That little boy is wearing glasses.
Compare your translation with his.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
She's a jealous girl.
What time does your class end?
You bought too much bread.
It's a good start.
I get two hours' exercise every day.
I think it better not to try.
Have you met her before?
Don't deceive me.
I wrote my mother a letter.
That's insane.
Bill is on the editorial staff.
I had a cat.
The two lovers swore to love each other for eternity.
What's the local time in Tokyo now?
Hold on just one second.
Beware of anybody who claims objectivity.
I'm staying home.
I'm so sorry I hurt your feelings.
Tom sells T-shirts at a 30 percent discount.
Last year was the first time I went to Geneva.
I've had enough of your lying.
We rowed up the river against the current.
Read such books as can be easily understood.
She gave me a pretty doll.
The plan gave rise to much trouble.
This new clobber is really comfy.
I'm not a child, but sometimes you talk to me as if I were a child.
Everything's still going well?
Let's give the book to whoever wants it.
The wall is thirty yards long.
Hot and humid weather puts me in a bad mood.
It is smaller than Tokyo.
I thought so, too.
I'm glad you liked it.
I want something to read.
I helped my father with the work.
You can remove the NNC.
We have to have a plan.
They made their way across the river.
This is my page on Facebook.
The reason is because I can speak Chinese.
You don't need to answer right away.
Please show me around.
I can't afford a car.
This desk is made of wood.
You swim better than I do.
French isn't my native language.
She got out of the car.
What are the company's strengths and weaknesses?
I really like the concept of this website.
Nakamatsu smiled bitterly at his own stupid question.
I'll buy a pen for him.
He pretended not to hear me.
He's two years younger than I.
There are about forty students in her class.
I'd like to rent a house.
I know this area pretty well.
There is a pen.
Are you sure you don't want me to talk to Tom about that?
That house is the place where I was born.
I erased the blackboard for the teacher.
Japanese management must learn how to deal with American workers, he said.
Do you spend a lot of time with Tom?
He ignored his father's advice.
Ann is the cheerleading captain.
Please fill in this form.
He's not my type.
Nobody knows her name.
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
Please tell me where to go next.
Can we make it?
This train is bound for Zhongshan Park.
I have a proposal.
New programmes will appear in the fall on television.
You cannot translate the sentence word-for-word.
Let's end this nonsense.
We haven't thought about it.
From each according to their ability, to each according to their needs.
International rescue teams are at the ready to fly to Japan.
We promised to stand by him in case of trouble.
Where is your dog?
You're the only one who can help me.
As soon as I left home, I ran into her.
She bought a dozen nylon socks.
I have returned.
Tom's bleeding.
What a wonderful family!
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
You'd better find them.
I saw Tom almost every day last week.
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
We lost our cat and Tom found it for us.
He closed the door.
Have you ever been to Africa?
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
It's our fault.
My son doesn't obey me.
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
Freedom of speech is now taken as a matter of course.
This case might not get resolved for a while.
We found out that he was her father.
Tom was sent back to Boston.
It's raining but never mind, I can still go.
How can you afford a place like this?
Black suits you.
She is a true witch!
You have done it totally incorrect!
Why did Adam eat the forbidden fruit?
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
He lived a moral life.
He's already left.
"The Internet was so innocent back then, wasn't it?" "No, it wasn't."
I can win this time.
The murder happened between 3 a.m. and 5 a.m.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
A language is used to communicate, if the words are used correctly, didn't write any incorrect words, and the sentence has no grammar mistakes, in my opinion, this is a correct sentence.
Tom said that Mary was asleep.
Let's eat now. I'm starving.
Is there something you want to get off your chest? Come on, you can tell me.
Tom broke into Mary's hotel room.
Let's pretend we are aliens.
He doesn't listen.
Everybody was wearing headphones.
The lion is the king of beasts.
Are you afraid of Tom?
Many Americans are obese.
Please call me up if you want me.
This food does not agree with me.
Her dream is to become a nurse.
She's being considered for the job.
They stood talking for a long time.
Don't kiss me!
Taxes are just legal robbery.
What month is this?
There's someone at the door.
I'm at university.
If you can't have children, you could always adopt.
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
He's exceptionally handsome.
We don't get many visitors here.
You're so stubborn.
You're Tom's parents, aren't you?
It's very easy to sound natural in your own native language, and very easy to sound unnatural in your non-native language.
He's afraid of snakes.
An old man does not easily learn a new language.
He will not listen to me.
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.
He studies Chinese, too.
In that case, I'll change my mind.
Is France trying to suppress Algeria's development?
What's the number for the Tokyo Dome?
This is exactly what I wanted.
The cab is here.
What do you say to taking a walk in the park?
Tom has already been told to leave Mary alone.
The professor has office hours every Tuesday afternoon.
Tom is my grandfather.
You saved my life.
You are the man I've been looking for.
Is that paper?
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn't passed the exam.
Yes, I'm fine.
She didn't know what to say to him.
I feel like I'm being drawn into your eyes.
The youngest daughter is exceptionally beautiful.
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous.
How many women work in this factory?
You really are hopeless.
Focus.
I've got my friend on the line right now.
Nothing is missing.
Nobody knows why.
This isn't new.
I felt an impulse to cry out loud.
Switzerland isn't Sweden.
I walked along the river.
Ziri removed the car battery.
I hope you'll soon get well.
I feel extremely regretful.
The shopping bag that they're carrying.
I've been requested to help you.
Let the reader be the judge.
Do you think Tom will let us do that?
Her mother will continue to work.
The sky was ablaze with fireworks.
He doesn't know English at all.
Acid rain isn't a natural phenomenon.
Old stuff that doesn't fit any more can be used as cloths.
You're a beautiful young woman.
This river is safe to swim in.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
Another step, and you would have fallen down the stairs.
It is a pity you cannot come.
I think she will divorce him.
That won't change anything.
I never saw him cry.
He seldom goes to church.
He divided his book into five categories.
Twenty families live here.
Have you eaten?
What were you and Tom doing yesterday?
I might make a mistake.
While cleaning, we saw some of his things.
Have you heard from Tom?
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
Hurry up, and you will be in time for the bus.
John and Mary broke up last week.
She kept working.
I didn't tell the whole truth.
This is a good movie.
I know that you are a teacher.
I will phone you later.
Tom will be the first person to enter the cave.
She is envious of my good fortune.
It's nothing to worry about.
I learned a lot about Greek culture.
There's a hotel across the street.
She must have studied very hard.
The city was full of starving soldiers.
The new secretary types about 70 words per minute.
I know that Nancy likes music.
At what time did you eat dinner?
Look closely.
Tom, Mary and John are all here.
God knows what their fate will be.
I've learned a lot in the past three weeks.
Keep Tom safe.
I don't know right now.
Mary reminds me of my mother.
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
Yana lives in London.
I really don't know that woman.
The blackbird found a little red worm in the green grass.
I know the man sitting over there.
You don't have to do it right away.
My favourite colour is red.
Tom told Mary not to waste her time trying to convince John to help.
You must have a driver's license before you can drive a car.
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
The sun was hidden suddenly by dark clouds.
Each person is a world.
Can I dance here?
There are too many people there.
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
I've lost one of my folders.
I was very surprised to hear the news.
I was unable to finish my homework.
Who she saw was not herself but a different woman.
I am not used to hard work.
I hope Mom doesn't find out.
He is still sleeping.
Good afternoon.
I have everything I need.
His memory never ceases to astonish me.
I thought Tom was going to hurt me.
I saw a boy masturbate in public.
The short skirt is out of fashion.
My father is in the hospital now.
I've got three tickets.
You need to reboot your computer.
I'm thrilled.
This bucket has a hole in it.
I guess what I've said isn't all that clear, but that's the only way I can explain it.
I recall less and less of my childhood.
Yanni hasn't seen this movie.
He ordered a glass of beer.
I have already waited for half an hour.
Children can't swim in this river.
Thanks a lot!
They kept on walking.
It's mine, not his.
This story is true.
Stop her.
Do you miss me?
Close the door when you leave.
Humans cannot survive on Mars.
I decided not to tell Tom about what had happened.
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.
The game ended in a draw, and the final score was 2-2.
Tom has a large jar of pennies.
We've lost 3 to 0.
He was walking with his shoulders squared.
I usually sleep at nine.
Isn't this just tearing down the east wall to repair the west wall?
I am a selfish person, but I became very selfless after meeting you.
Mariko speaks English well.
I am helping him with classes this week.
He wants to kiss her.
Let me know where you're staying.
I'm so jealous!
She's older than him.
Her skin was white as milk and she had not a single blemish anywhere.
He heard someone calling for help.
I was drinking milk a moment ago.
My mother took my temperature.
They used the Internet too much because they had some underlying problem that also caused them to neglect their child.
I told him to come.
Remember to water the plants.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
It doesn't look like anything.
Do you believe there are ghosts?
Smith replied that he was sorry.
I will wait until she comes.
If you are happy, I am happy.
She didn't come.
Tell me exactly where he lives.
What's your home address?
Tom was in Australia last month.
Many young girls like that singer.
He's a little bit drunk.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
We're partly responsible.
What the hell is this?
Sami wore blue pants.
I'm really concerned about your future.
We lived together for three years.
I tend to collect tiny little objects, like balms sold on the market, little candles and candlesticks. As long as they are tiny and cutesy, I like them.
I have breakfast every morning.
The boy playing the guitar is Ken.
This desk is a little low for me.
I do not want any milk at all.
I was born on October 10, 1972.
I've gotten better.
A man's life is but three score years and ten.
Where did that Daxiong run off to?
He already knew about it.
I won't let him come here again.
She used to be a teacher.
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.
He can play both tennis and baseball.
I think I've met Tom before.
I'd like a steaming hot cup of tea.
He likes listening to the radio.
Tom can't ride a horse.
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent.
Please continue.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
He lost face.
I have a friend waiting for me in the lobby.
There are no cars on the street.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
He's always busy.
Why are you showing me this?
Who's the author of this story?
Full speed ahead!
Do you think we'll have good weather?
The price of gold varies from day to day.
I didn't expect to see you at a place like this.
Getting addicted to something and having too much of something are two different things.
I thought that was embarrassing.
The weather will delay the start of the race.
Wait until the light changes to green.
The lock is broken.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
Suddenly, it started to rain.
Don't do anything like that again.
Who won?
What else can this do?
You shall not kill.
What are you guys going to do?
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
Tom must be over thirty.
She wants to attend the party.
I can't tell you now.
Please have a seat.
Do you like shopping?
Tom didn't know that Mary liked to cook.
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He must have mistaken me for someone else.
It seems obvious that he is sick.
Are some of you from the US trade delegation?
When will that new school open?
I hope you're not serious.
I didn't see anything at all.
Is he afraid of death?
The point of the pencil has become dull.
He tries.
She hugged her son and put him to bed.
The postman delivers letters every morning.
Miss, are there any available rooms for tonight?
We arrived at a small town in Hokkaido.
That was not my intention.
A north wind is blowing.
They say that love is blind.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
Can we go back now?
Are your eyes open?
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Tom headed out the door.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind.
Our house is conveniently located.
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.
I will go skiing in Hokkaido.
She advised him to use a bicycle.
He is the very man that we've been looking for.
He is French.
Why not just kill Tom?
One hutong connects with another, siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block, and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city.
I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
You aren't afraid of ghosts, are you?
Can you translate this song for me?
Birds of a feather flock together.
He should spend more time on this piece of research.
I sent an email to you.
Language can sometimes be very complicated and worry us greatly, especially when we cannot express what we want to say, but there will definitely be a day when we can communicate well.
I give you my heart.
She has a bit of a bad temper.
A spring rain revived the flower.
It is warmer today than yesterday.
You'd better consult your doctor.
I entrusted my property to him.
I've heard nothing.
I am six feet tall.
I'm four months pregnant.
It wasn't good.
The old church on the hill dates back to the twelfth century.
If you like.
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.
The pages are turning yellow with the years.
I have nothing in common with him.
My mother was an alcoholic.
Which credit cards can I use?
Communism will win.
I am vegetarian.
It's really pretty here.
I warmed myself in the bath.
Is Mum here?
It's all you can really do.
This is my property.
I don't want Tom to die.
Haven't you noticed?
Having a competitive mentality can give rise to negative emotions.
Our neighbours are a family from South America.
"Who's your favourite classical music composer?" "Debussy."
I like reading American novels.
Tom isn't doing what he's supposed to be doing.
He has been sick since last night.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
He stopped to put on his shoes.
Sometimes it's fun to just wander about aimlessly.
The girl tore the cloth.
We usually talked in English.
We'll buy one car for each.
I've got everything that you want.
You can't go out.
Somewhere in this world, there must be an apple that needs me.
I don't want to eat lunch now.
My husband is useless.
She changed her name to Ann.
He is a thief.
Will you please show me the way?
You're a person.
I cannot go, nor do I want to.
Tom needs the money right away.
I did it the way he told me to.
He is good at driving.
It's not fair! I have to do the hard work!
We have to be strict.
Someone is knocking on the door.
We'll take part in the marathon.
I love egg yolks.
I can't hand Nagisa over to such a weak man.
I am very tired after a class.
He married Ann.
The phone is ringing.
Have you spoken to Tom lately?
"Did he write a letter yesterday?" "Yes, he did."
I like wine.
I will write a letter to Judy.
The air conditioner has got out of order.
Tom is wearing the same clothes he was wearing yesterday.
"Are the drinks free?" "Only for ladies."
Think about it, OK?
What's wrong with that?
A woman's strength is in her tongue.
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital.
Oh boy...
We got involved in a traffic accident.
If you are to succeed, you must start studying now.
Don't be sad.
Meztli likes the moon.
He has great confidence in himself.
You're right, I'm sorry.
I'd like to make an overseas call.
It's difficult to understand his theory.
When can you come to my home?
He resigned and fled the country.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was ill.
These are the medicines I use.
Haste makes waste.
He contributed much to the development of the economy.
"Who is it?" "It's me."
Tom ate breakfast.
My train started at seven, arrived in New York at 10.
I've got to catch some Z's.
I couldn't find his house.
He makes the most of his opportunities.
I said that this was a meeting room, not a bedroom!
Can we trust them?
He robbed me of all my money.
That's a great idea!
This water cannot be drunk.
Get down on the floor!
They are dead.
I get what you're saying.
This tea is very good.
This is the book you're looking for.
Where're the shoes?
Why are you so mean to me?
This shot will help numb the pain.
Take as many cookies as you want.
I thought Tom would never shut up.
We, ACME Ltd., hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover.
Stop reading.
Sleep earlier.
I stayed in Boston for three days.
It was freezing!
He really likes the United States.
I like red wine better than white wine.
Where did you shake hands with them?
Kate sympathized with him.
Tom shows his camera to his brother.
You had better not start until they arrive.
She cried when she heard the news.
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
They have achieved excellent results in different fields.
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Coffee or tea?
There were lots of people.
I am the leader of this team.
They are all innocent children.
Can you do me a solid?
You didn't need to hurry.
I would never lend money to anyone.
The bicycle by the door is mine.
He made good use of the opportunity.
There are many hotels in the city's business district.
Today it is on me.
I have a lot of friends.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
When will you return home?
Why learn Klingon?
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
I can wait for him no longer.
I don't like men like him.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back.
Sorry to let you wait for so long.
You're not dead, are you?
She has a lot of money.
Most of the pupils here bike to school.
Come as soon as you can.
I don't get the joke.
This is just a hypothesis.
The police will look into the case.
Do come in, please.
Tell me how to use the washing machine.
You gave me only fifty cents.
I have asked him.
A century is one hundred years.
How come?
I said I would make her happy.
Here's an even better one.
Hurry up or you'll be late.
What time did you get up today?
I don't like corn.
We're talking about Islam.
Tom expected to leave early in the morning, but he overslept.
Tom is still not finished.
She sternly accuses me.
I hope that your parents will allow us to marry.
He flapped the flies away.
I am writing a paper on the French Revolution.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
I don't want to fail my exams.
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
If you leave now, I'm sure you'll be caught in a traffic jam.
"You said it wrong." "How do I say it then?"
Will ten thousand yen do?
I'm famished.
You've got to be certain.
Tom interrupted our conversation.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary at all.
You're the only one who understands me.
We chose John to be our captain.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
They have wine.
It's six o'clock already.
Tom seems to know how.
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
Are we acquaintances?
I appreciate good music.
I watch TV all day.
She is engaged to a rich man.
I like to watch baseball games.
He doesn't have to go to school.
They've announced their engagement.
Somebody is playing the piano.
Men should work.
Do you suffer from diseases that require medication?
Let's not beat around the bush! I'm pregnant, and you're the baby's father.
This is difficult to believe.
Why are you accusing my son?
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
He isn't afraid of death.
What do you plan to do?
We're looking into the cause of the accident.
I am from China.
He can't distinguish between left and right.
The performers danced whilst singing - they performed extremely well.
The nurse took his temperature with a thermometer.
It's good for our understanding of other cultures.
I'll do your shopping, clean up the house, and cook your dinner for you.
I have to change into my work clothes.
Am I a good teacher?
He divorced his wife last month.
She lives in a village.
Please don't forget to post the letter.
I want to read.
When you have free time, please come and play.
My wife just had a baby.
There is a long wait between trains.
I'm afraid of heights.
At last, she solved the problem.
Tom has visited Boston three times.
I chose this topic because I think that it's interesting.
I admire him for his courage.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
He put an interesting idea before us.
But I haven't looked up this tracking number on the DHL website.
The invention of TV caused a drastic change in our daily life.
Do you have fresh strawberries?
I'm not planting their trees.
We're in agreement.
The ambulances carried the injured to the nearest hospital.
This firm ranks second in the oil trade.
He has no appetite.
Tom was released in 2013.
Please check the correct answer.
Sami's bird would repeat any word he heard.
The child is writing a book.
I'm wet.
I prefer rice to bread.
Money can't buy everything.
Is she right?
Without me, you wouldn't get anything done.
I got up early.
Please write your name with a pencil.
We want to know.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
Few students could understand what he said.
The implication was that where there was a well, there were residents.
Don't provoke me.
Look at the large building over there.
I just followed your instructions.
You must learn from mistakes.
Watch your head.
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
Nobody has seen God.
He has a wonderful personality.
Like it or not, we have to attend that meeting.
Let me do this for you.
Keep the secret.
I'll keep my word, whatever may happen.
All things are in the hands of God.
I'll try again.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
I find it hard to express my feelings in words.
"The phone is ringing." "I'll get it."
Foxes are wild animals.
Before anything else, let's welcome a new member to our company.
Where's the nearest train station?
What's he hiding?
I'm really sorry about what happened last night.
They were happy together.
Tom takes the bus to the city.
I have plenty of money with me.
His life was full of ups and downs.
There is something that Tom didn't tell Maria.
Here is Japan.
Would you like me to get you something from the supermarket?
Houses here are double the price of those in Kobe.
She is still a girl.
The woman is fat.
We should have bought three bottles of wine.
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.
It doesn't matter if you have no money left in your pocket. Go to the ATM.
The first time I saw Tom, I thought he was a girl.
Save me!
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
I guess he is a bit unhappy.
How about playing chess tonight?
Tom has the ability to make that happen.
He doesn't like fish.
He hid it behind the door.
Air pollution will be a threat to our survival.
I finally feel appreciated.
I am sorry, we are unable to satisfy your demand.
You can omit the last chapter of the book.
We have to do a great deal of reading.
There was a big earthquake last night.
We're wide awake.
Tom should be here soon.
He was brave.
I have known her for five years.
She's absent because she's sick.
Health is better than wealth.
The committee is comprised of ten members.
We will reach London before dark.
It makes no difference whether you go today or tomorrow.
Rats also have a function. They help to clean the pipes.
Why did you begin without me?
Tom is wearing the same clothes that he wore yesterday.
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow.
I am looking for the restroom.
It goes without saying that he will come to the discussion.
We were at school yesterday.
To broaden your view, go see the underground shopping mall beneath People's Square.
I'd like to go skiing.
I can speak Spanish fluently.
You're right in a sense.
Why did you say it like this?
That dress seems to be very expensive.
When do you usually get off work?
The old man walked with a stick.
Make another appointment at the front desk.
Is this edible?
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
I enjoy eating hot soup.
Were I in your place I would do the same thing.
I'd like five meatballs.
I thought my head would explode.
Do come again.
"You, Sir, are an imperialist!" "And you, Sir, are a troll."
My camera is different from yours.
I resign.
Ants and giraffes are distant cousins.
Tom will never come back here.
All of a sudden, it became cloudy.
Osaka is the center of commerce in Japan.
I don't have any enemies.
What he says is very important.
What's in front of you?
Anyone can do that.
Why did you buy this kind of car?
My mother often slaps passers-by.
The government will provide interest-free loans to firms that participate in the program.
That was really boring.
I'm engaged to her.
He gave me authority to fire them.
When would you like to see him?
I was often ill as a child.
It rained today so he can't come anymore.
They nearly fell off their chairs.
Why do you ask?
Do you feel like going to the theater?
Tom fell asleep at the wheel.
He spoke about you yesterday.
This song makes me think of when I was young.
You must study English every day.
I won't be home in the afternoon.
Scientists deal mainly with physical matters.
I am always freed of all of my worries and concerns in the depth of the night.
Are you German?
What's your favorite song?
I want to see your boss.
I left my briefcase in the bus.
Tom did nothing.
Which one of you would like some hot chocolate?
Few people live to be 100 years old.
There are some eggs in the box.
I've heard Italian is a tricky language.
Tom tried to make friends.
Tom's not here.
Enemies are approaching from the north side!
What is the language spoken in Brazil?
The active volcano erupts at regular intervals.
My car is German.
Mom, what are you thinking about?
Were you at home yesterday?
Nancy has a piano.
I have been busy this week.
May I have the check, please?
The prisoner escaped under cover of night.
He was harshly criticised.
You cannot be a blood donor.
So he didn't go to school.
Oranges contain lots of vitamin C.
It's a pity that you couldn't come.
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday.
She was so scared that she couldn't speak.
I'm taking Mary out to dinner tonight.
It's not easy to master French at all.
He was always as good as his word.
There are a lot of books in the library.
French is taught by Mr White, not by Miss Green.
I was quite satisfied.
The bank is not open on Saturdays.
Tom is probably not as smart as you think he is.
The association counts thirty members.
You should pay more attention to what he says.
Three weeks went by with no sign of Tom.
I haven't seen a doctor.
This diamond isn't real.
I wish I was young again.
I tried to smile.
She heard gunshots every night.
I can't drink coffee as sweet as this.
I have a large family.
Tom is a very good person.
He scrunched down in his seat so that I wouldn't see him.
A crowd of people gathered to see the parade.
A Christian transgendered person I know said: "God has better things to do than to make up rules on who can use which bathroom."
What an idiot!
I give up.
Tom is reading a book.
I had great admiration for his generosity.
I almost left my umbrella in the train.
It must have rained during the night.
I study English an hour every day.
I don't speak your language, so just answer questions with “yes” or “no” only.
Tom and Mary have lived together for a long time.
What? I can't hear you.
They eat a lot of rice.
I have four times more CDs than you do.
Tom will never do it again.
She has always lived in Otaru.
Under the teacher's guidance, I took big strides with my studies.
We've already prepared for the millennium bug.
Add water and mix to a firm dough.
Aren't they Englishmen?
He'll be here around four o'clock.
You're reading too much into this.
Does Tom like watching horror movies?
I won't be here tomorrow.
You do not need to tell me if you do not want to.
She can speak French fluently.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
He will be back soon.
You have to follow the rules.
She eats slowly.
I'm taller than you.
So, what should I do now?
I mostly have fruit for breakfast.
The typhoon struck the Kanto district.
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?
Tom always sings out of tune.
We're going down the pub. Do you fancy coming?
America has enemies.
I'm looking for a coat in my size.
I'd rather stay at home than go fishing.
You're already useless.
What are your biggest dreams?
She came from Canada to see me.
When I hear the news, I get goose bumps. How could there be such a dangerous thing?
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
I'll wait a day or two.
Plastic does not burn easily.
That’s actually the truth.
Smoking isn't permitted here.
What are you going to do with your first pay?
Swimming develops your muscles.
I could tell Tom the truth, I suppose.
When did you get to know me?
He lied to my face.
The car got stuck in the mud.
I'd like to dance.
Sorry, I won't do it without a rubber.
Where are you going on vacation?
The cab's here.
This is my book.
Look, a butterfly!
We have seen no one.
Are you sure you don't want to sleep on it?
Morning!
We live in a globalized world.
Water gurgles while fire crackles.
You got off easy.
We did warn him.
Watch out!
I don't know what you're referring to.
Is my answer correct?
I lent my friend some money.
The city has a large population.
I need you to promise you'll do what I ask you to do.
I am in the habit of taking a shower in the morning.
Who shall ever unravel the mysteries of the sea?
They're afraid of me.
He is in the kitchen.
I don't want to grow up.
Tomorrow is the exam. Are you all prepared?
Are you for real?
Don't judge other people's traditional culture.
What's the point in doing that?
Lying is wrong.
Be friendly.
Playing cards is a popular pastime.
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?
Is the hotel close to the airport?
Do you have the report yet?
I spent all day in the library.
Will you show me what you bought?
You need not telephone me.
I don't have a bicycle, let alone a car.
No matter what happens, I'm prepared.
He knows how to read Chinese.
She didn't eat.
My father told me where to go.
All our efforts were in vain.
The price isn't reasonable.
Tom is drinking juice.
What shocked us greatly was his sudden resignation.
On his left sat his mother.
Please check my vision.
The dog attacked the little boy.
We can do nothing.
All men must die.
She was in the United States last month.
Don't ever talk to me again!
That's mine. I don't know where yours is.
Please give us some examples.
You're too suspicious about everything.
I am peeling the celery and the potatoes.
What do you think about young people today?
Is there anything else that you want to know?
We're the problem.
Rye was called the grain of poverty.
I want ten plates.
I need to find out when we need to be there.
How long will it take to get there?
The tree was blown down.
You must not jump to conclusions.
I want to go to America some day.
I don't think I'll allow Tom to do that by himself.
Tom was the one who suggested I buy this.
The doctor felt my pulse.
When arguing, the difference between a man and a woman is like between a rifle and a machine gun.
Are these your things?
Tom got into trouble because of Mary.
Please spell your name.
Don't drive under the influence of alcohol.
How do you find food in outer space?
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture.
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
They live in a rented house.
Those who know don't speak much; those who speak don't know much.
This shirt needs to be ironed.
The temperature has been below freezing for several days.
I am a teacher. What about you?
He is satisfied with his new car.
You can have a ride on my motorcycle.
You're the one I'll always love.
I can teach you how to swim.
I know that Tom is in his room changing clothes.
What are you saying? I cannot hear, the signal here is too bad.
What would you advise me to do?
I thought that Tom and Mary were crazy.
That hat cost around fifty dollars.
I just said something very stupid.
I like fish.
It is not very spicy.
You're the one with all the money.
He and I were inseparable friends during our time together in school.
I want to eat some cake first.
I don't know him, who is he?
My office is on the fifth floor.
How long does it take for the airport shuttle to get to the airport?
Do you have big ones?
You'll succeed if you try.
My father will recover soon.
Sometimes hockey players get so competitive that fights break out.
Kobayashi's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
I'd like you to translate this book into English.
Is Tom around?
Is the Na'vi language good to learn?
Let's go home.
I have nothing better to do.
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.
They are plotting to kill the king.
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus.
Why didn't you believe me?
I'm not quite sure.
Can I go swimming this afternoon?
It's been raining since early morning.
I'm not picky. I'll eat anything.
Put his address down.
I was already tired.
Tom wasn't in Australia.
Not only the student but their teacher is looking forward to holiday.
Will you listen to me for a few minutes?
He fired a shot at random.
They left their children alone at home.
Are there any good programs on TV today?
This dish has a bit of garlic flavor.
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
I want to forget her.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Tom won't ever forgive you.
I had a fine old time.
This is a very good data base.
He is known as a great poet.
I went back to Australia.
Don't be terrified.
My watch is not correct.
Keep the money in a safe place.
Do you have any?
I invited her to dinner.
Algeria isn't in the NATO.
English is not my first language.
The government transported goods to the island by helicopter.
The leaves fell.
This is all I know.
What do you call this insect in English?
I wasn't quite sure what to say.
Any time will suit me.
If you add 3 to 3, you get 6.
He's ripped.
Why doesn't Tom sit with me anymore?
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Why do you think Tom doesn't like it?
All individuals in the world act with clear goals and distinct intentions. But once these actions are brought together by the great torrents of life, clarity recedes and chaos ensues.
He is swimming in the river.
Shall we take a bath together?
Will it rain this afternoon?
Today is the 25th July.
Those present were all moved to tears.
Women's rights are human rights.
Tom acted without thinking.
"Putonghua" and "Beijinghua" are not the same.
Tom told me he'd do that himself.
Can you let me see what you bought?
The cow cast her calf.
I got up about six.
This is really difficult to deal with.
Bill went in and checked.
It sounds absolutely wonderful.
That is almost correct.
Please take off your shirt.
He is a famous baseball player.
Great!
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.
The man is wanted for murder.
I just finished cleaning your place.
He lived to be eighty years old.
I don't put sugar in my coffee.
My grandfather died five years ago.
They are too tired to keep climbing the mountain.
The Island of Taiwan's surface area is thirty-six thousand square kilometers.
We invited him to our house.
I cannot afford buying a used car.
Tom told her that he had written that poem two years before.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
Tom smells awful.
It sounds like they're not going to leave.
Mary doesn't like men who are stingy like Tom.
The shop is just in front of the station.
Tell him everything.
Problems that can be solved with money are not real problems.
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
You're going to regret this.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
It's later than you think.
Timuçin learns Polish.
Why hasn't your friend come yet?
Tom and Mary never got along.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
He walked back and forth in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
Tom and his friends played basketball all afternoon.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
I think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Do good to those who hate you.
You have three cars, don't you?
I am sure of his success.
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
In Japan, it rains quite a bit during our rainy season which is from mid-June until mid-July.
We are planning changes to the manufacturing process.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
There is a bus stop near a nursing home in Cologne. No bus ever stops there. It's created for the purpose of finding mental patients on the run more easily.
English is taught almost all over the world today.
Nobody believes me.
We're staying at our uncle's.
Remember what should be remembered, forget what should be forgotten, change what can be changed, and accept what can't be changed.
Chinese is a language that has four tones.
Tom encouraged his son to study French.
I think Tom is athletic.
I'll leave it to you to buy the tickets.
Please deliver it to this address.
A card was attached to the gift.
I go to university.
My mother is eccentric.
What did you do last night?
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
It is easy to read this book.
Do this work by tomorrow if possible.
You live in Boston now, don't you?
I can play soccer.
I work in this building.
Tom watches too much television.
Tom was on TV yesterday.
I haven't watched that video yet.
This might be real, or it might not.
I'd like to see you again next week.
Your see-through dress really excites me.
When would it be convenient for you?
Is this the first time that you've seen this movie?
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
Would you show us some samples of your work?
He surpasses his rivals in all ways.
Part of his story is true.
Tom isn't a very nice guy.
It being Sunday, the supermarket was very crowded.
No other boy in our class is more studious than Jack.
Where's the nearest subway station?
You need to register by Monday.
Mary went on a voyage around the world.
You should apologize to Dad for not coming home in time for supper.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
What do you do on Sundays?
I am different from Tom.
Susan greeted her guests at the door.
Do you wear pyjamas when you sleep?
This mountain is 3000 meters tall.
Paula and I cooked dinner on Sunday.
I will be happy to attend your party.
Tom is encouraging his students.
I was not drunk.
The lesson has ended and the children have gone out to play.
This shirt looks great.
He has earned a lot of money.
There are many sights to see in Kyoto.
Hide.
The ice in the water melted.
He blamed me for the accident.
Japan's population is declining.
They have announced their engagement.
She gave him a lot of money.
OK. I agree.
I don't know what to say.
His home country is Germany.
This is an old device.
What I want is some peace and quiet.
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.
She finally gave me a call yesterday.
The root cause of any divorce is marriage.
I guess it's only a joke.
I'm sorry to have to tell you that you've been made redundant.
Alright. What should we sing?
I am a Hyogo University student.
Mozart: one of the great musical prodigies of all time.
Have you ever served as a witness in a court case?
Tom is left-handed.
We've made mistakes.
The referee blew the whistle and called a hand ball on him.
The truth is that nothing is totally true or false.
Everyone in his family is tall.
The sky grew darker and darker.
We got a good price for that.
What's the best way to learn a language?
Unfortunately, Tom did what you told him not to.
You promised to take care of them.
This book will do.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
How long have you lived in Boston?
He was late for school yesterday.
He has written many books about China.
I don't know whether she will come.
You'll have to leave now.
Fred followed my mother wherever she went.
A new classroom building was built in our institute last year.
Let’s either speak Chinese, or not speak at all.
She was wearing an ugly dress.
Did Tom say why?
As soon as I get paid I will pay you back.
I wonder if anything happened to him.
I can pay no more than $50 a week for rent.
I'm going to change my clothes.
I had been reading for an hour.
Let's get our photograph taken.
You know everything, right?
I don't want to contact them anymore.
She was sitting under a tree.
Say hello to your parents from me.
Give me that weapon.
In terms of intellectual hobbies, I really like learning Chinese characters.
It looks like you're thinking about something else.
He was staring at her legs the whole time.
What time was she born?
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.
The experiment confirmed his theory.
Lie on your right side.
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.
She wants to be a designer.
We're not scared of anybody.
His letter makes me uneasy.
Tom and I were busy yesterday and couldn't go.
Condoms are an effective measure to prevent HIV and many other diseases.
Does anyone want some more pie?
My daughter wants a kitten.
Stock markets around the world tumbled Monday over fears that China’s coronavirus outbreak is causing long-term damage to the supply chains that are the lifeblood of the global economy.
I live in a flat in the city.
It's a pity when somebody dies.
Prices went up.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.
I'm going to swim every day.
We have come to the conclusion that this plan is not feasible currently.
How often do you buy flowers?
Tom is engaged to Ruth.
It's really awesome.
It's your turn to say something now.
Thank you once again for your attention.
I'll carry this suitcase for you.
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary.
Tom was talking in his sleep.
Blossoms have come out on the embankment.
What's Tom allergic to?
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
I have to go out.
This is an old building.
It is clear what must be done.
None of this makes any sense.
It is easy for me to read this book.
I thought that we had agreed on this.
What he says is total nonsense.
We have little chance of winning.
Let's play basketball after school.
You must be kidding!
Between you and me, he is rather stupid.
Will Algeria become an energy power?
I don't think they're coming.
This pamphlet is free of charge.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
Welcome to our home.
I want money.
He is still sitting on the bench.
She is a particularily interesting person.
What language is spoken in Egypt?
Can I start?
They're plotting to kill the king.
He was smart.
It is too dark for me to read.
I take accountability for my mistake.
Get on the horse.
Correct the errors if there are any.
Nobody was paying any attention to her.
My mother is quite angry.
He's a friend of mine.
I'll miss you very much.
Speaking English is very difficult for me.
This smell might come from the oven!
She likes going to the library.
She renewed the soil in the flower pot.
The thin man killed the fat man.
I didn't notice the light turn red.
You will soon be convinced I am right.
I'm famished!
I want to enroll at graduate school.
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.
Tom said he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Suzanne is two years older than me.
Seiko has no sisters.
The supermarket opens at ten o'clock.
Are you good at math?
Switch off the light. I can't get to sleep.
What do you hope to find here?
I don't really know.
Your plan is very good, but mine is better.
I'm flattered.
Sheep provide us with wool.
When the body is touched, receptors in the skin send messages to the brain causing the release of chemicals such as endorphins.
Oh, I forgot my keys.
I noticed she was wearing a new hat.
That wasn't what I intended.
I invited Ken, Bill and Yumi.
The boy talking with Fred is Mike.
My sister sings songs very well.
Everything was a mess.
I've always wanted to try it.
I will play tennis this afternoon.
This book is full of errors.
Excuse me, which subway line is to the city centre?
This is not safe.
He is not a high school student.
I would like to but I have a required course tonight.
It looks like it's going to snow.
I am unable to memorise it.
Approximately thirty young people attended.
Oh, I don't know if I agree with you.
Where did you study?
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
They named their daughter Helen.
People will choose you or me.
I will arrive on 23 May.
I asked her for her address.
That's not a grasshopper. It's a locust!
I don't drink alcohol.
I think you've done this before.
The police are pursuing an escaped prisoner.
You may always use my dictionary.
Turn left!
I have a memory like a goldfish.
Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.
His English is not bad, seeing that he has studied for only two years.
Don't forget to buy chicken.
She gave me plenty to eat.
Thanks. Maybe we'll come back.
How fast you walk!
I swear I will never do such a thing.
I know him by sight, but not by name.
He is a man of strong, stable and trustworthy character.
Don't mistreat small animals!
Tom is in the shower.
Tom didn't doubt that there would be a lot of people there.
Mrs. Wood is an excellent cook.
I don't think Tom is going to be too much help.
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my wallet.
The washbasin is made of granite.
I can't bear it anymore.
What does the earth look like from space?
Tom might be here.
Roger!
Hand over the dough!
Food, clothing and shelter are the basis of life.
The prince fell in love with a woodcutter's daughter.
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours, do you think?
The conference closed at five.
That dress matches her red hair.
My hair is already very long.
Did you call Tom?
It is the dogged who wins.
She intends to get divorced.
What's that bird called?
Take it easy.
The women achieved their goal.
You should've attended the meeting.
My mother and I are completely different.
Single or double room?
Look, it's so pretty!
Fever flushed his cheeks.
He is nothing more than an egoist.
He is threatening me.
I'd rather die than see you cry.
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs.
She's about my age.
We need paper.
He made a clean break with them.
They gave a big party for me.
The doctor is a great authority on children's diseases.
I suppose he's coming.
I am not stupid.
The cookies are vegan.
They are watching a movie.
They went their separate ways.
He is a good speaker of English.
Actinium was discovered by André-Louis Debierne in 1899.
Food and drink were served in such profusion at the wedding that the bride and groom began to wonder if they should not have invited more guests.
I wish she were alive now.
Check the tools and see if anything is missing.
You don't look very good.
The earth is similar to an orange in shape.
Think about tomorrow.
The election was unanimous.
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.
I am fully convinced of your innocence.
I didn't get along with her.
It is cold.
Twitter is a good example of absurdity.
Do you think Tom is too young?
That red-roofed house is my uncle's.
She was very kind to everyone.
Do you see that man? He's my husband.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
I'm a man.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
Don't pay attention to him.
Do you think animals have a soul?
I can run faster than Ken.
Tom will probably be there.
What's your favorite French wine?
They eat melon seeds while they play cards.
I thought that Tom would refuse to do that.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity.
Tom has knowledge of different languages, but he cannot teach others.
The Soviet troops have started the withdrawal from Afghanistan.
Fish, amphibians, and reptiles are cold-blooded animals.
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.
How unlucky I am!
Tom speaks Japanese very fluently.
This is not good at all.
I finished high school last year.
I want something to drink now.
My uncle lives in New York.
The goalkeeper for France dived to the ground and saved Ronaldo’s shot.
There is still 20 minutes left; that is plenty of time.
How's your wife, Tom?
I'm getting off at the next station.
'Ppreciate it!
You're our only hope.
Are those new shoes?
She decorated her room with roses.
At this point, he arrived.
Where is the bank?
She is Li Ying.
Don't park your books on the table.
How's the apple?
He gave her a piece of advice.
Wealth could not muddle his thoughts, poverty could not change his integrity, force could not oppress his will, this is what it means to be a man.
Take it away.
My wallet was stolen on the bus.
That goes without saying.
I fought against sleep.
"Where's your book?" "On the table."
She gave all her money to him.
On a hot summer day, the air conditioner works all day to keep us cool.
This book is hard for me to read.
Count me in.
I'm much better today than yesterday.
Let's try it.
I built a new house.
This time, I really mean it.
I go to school on foot.
Lincoln died in 1865.
We went astray in the woods.
Tom laughed at the sight of me.
He fell down on the floor.
I can't resist sweets.
Tom wants to see you this afternoon.
He is regretting his action.
He is an interpreter in an international bank.
The number of Facebook members is higher than the U.S. population.
I mistook him for Mr. Brown.
He is often absent from school.
That isn't French.
I thought that Tom would enjoy the party.
The wind is blowing from the north.
I have no books to read.
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.
I don't think that we should go with Tom.
Tom sprained his wrist.
He doesn't have a fever.
That is a criminal offense, and you will surely be punished!
I'll leave when she comes back.
She is a very good teacher.
Unexpectedly, I struck fortune.
Long time, no see.
She asked him to mail that letter.
That's Tom's mother.
Do you think I'd recognize Tom?
Everyone noticed.
Tom must do that.
Literature is beautiful.
Sami has a new idea.
Don't let him bite you.
The trip will take at least a week.
We're friends.
He shaves every day.
Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:00 bus.
She has as many books as her father does.
Father keeps a diary every day.
No one lives in this building.
That's just my imagination.
Get down here!
I am looking for you.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
He may have lost his way.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
The sky was filled with aeroplanes.
Let's meet in a week.
He's afraid of making mistakes.
I live in Beijing now.
Would you please open the door?
Do I have to stay in the hospital?
Here's my passport.
The weather looks good today.
You can come to my party, but you have to bring me a gift.
Do you still want us to help Tom?
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
Mary said she thinks Tom can swim.
How many things did you buy?
He is a promising youth.
Please tell me your address.
See you at the party.
I knew Tom was against the plan.
A hundred years is called a century.
Today is very warm.
He couldn't stand the bitterness of the coffee.
I cannot calculate this. I am not an engineer.
Can I borrow your scissors?
We took a wrong turn.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are dependable.
Whenever he moved, the wound sent pains all along his arm.
I was absent from work yesterday.
I was in Canada then.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
You have every reason to say so.
I saw nothing.
The child has picked a hole in his new jumper.
I drank the water.
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.
The pasture has an area of 10 acres.
Excuse me?!
He's moved away.
The more people you know, the less time you have to see them.
They would capture as many people as possible.
Despite Trang's constant affirmations of love, Spenser is still afraid someday she will fall out of love with him.
I would like to borrow fifty dollars from you.
He will regret it sooner or later.
You may go cycling if it doesn't rain.
The train is due to arrive at noon.
Nancy studied hard.
I've never stopped loving Tom.
Sami has to go to his chemistry class and he will see you in Arabic.
This chair is relatively small.
I have read many modern authors.
There is a white dove on the roof.
Mary stood and put on her coat.
Linda can dance as well as Meg.
Your place or mine?
This movement from rural to urban areas has been going on for over two hundred years.
I think Tom lied to us.
Can you wake me up at seven o'clock tomorrow morning?
Don't let anyone press this button.
Your résumé has really impressed me.
I didn't hear anyone talking.
I couldn't go to school for a whole week.
I have a flat tire.
You must think of this as a great improvement.
I was offended by his behavior.
"The accused" is a legal term.
Our teacher doesn't just speak English, but French too.
I can swim.
I know you don't need to do that today.
My son always gets sick when he rides a bus.
How many hats do you own?
Thank you for inviting me to the party.
Linda is the most beautiful woman in the whole world.
What is the meaning of this sentence?
Printing ink is in short supply.
He studies English, but he also studies German.
Do you drink tea?
A drop of mustard fell and stained my tie during lunch.
Can't you reach the book on the shelf?
I really like my coworkers.
You're busy now, aren't you?
I'd like a fish.
The tall house was covered with a thatched roof.
In another two weeks you will be able to get out of the hospital.
I will travel by plane.
Where is the ticket office?
You two are harshing my marshmellow.
Meanwhile, conditions have drastically altered.
George did business in the same manner as his father.
He cut the envelope open.
Will you excuse us for a moment?
She ignored all my warnings.
He told a funny story.
Tom began to sing.
He became famous.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
Life cannot exist without water.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
Our country grows stronger day by day.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
I can’t stand panties.
She looked out of the window.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
Our team won the game.
There's something strange happening.
She complained to me of his rudeness.
I intend to go there.
I forgot to save the file before switching off.
I can barely see you.
Did they see us?
Do you have a non-smoking section?
Tom is an extremely good-looking man.
One pair of red chopsticks broke.
We are proud of our Berber language.
She comes from Austria.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
Tom remained standing as the others sat down.
I was thinking the same thing.
You're too modest.
Suddenly, the clouds darkened the sky.
These are library books.
I hardly ever go to museums.
Your random firing will scare away the prey.
Tom sat at his desk, pretending to study.
Get out of here!
I can't help feeling sorry for him.
We know what's going to happen.
Yesterday I did not play tennis.
The doctor examined the patients.
Follow the rules.
I'm twenty-five.
I never liked biology.
I am Armenian.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
I want you to read this book.
I'll pay.
You aren't welcome here.
I went swimming almost every day during the summer holidays.
The richest man in the world cannot buy everything.
He knows New York inside out.
I haven't decided yet.
Carl, you're obsessed with money.
While all horses are animals, not all animals are horses.
I hope that your parents will allow us to get married.
You're not Japanese.
My plan is visiting old castles in Scotland.
Do you like Spanish cuisine?
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
It's sold out, thank you.
She is Tom's older sister.
I wonder what happened to her.
This is more than I have earned.
Ah, it's almost time for exams. I'm dead!
Did you use to like it?
I promise I'll do that tomorrow.
My brother became a priest.
Tom is a communist.
I must sell my house.
Have you seen my father?
Our neighbours have got a dog.
I regret that I couldn't go with her.
You will fail.
There are a lot of eggs in the basket.
There was nothing I could do at that time.
Have you tried rebooting it?
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan.
I have no money with me.
I only speak a little French.
She writes with her left hand.
The population has doubled in the last five years.
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
Are you done?
Holland is a small country.
Everyone who isn't us is an enemy.
The light is too dim for me to read easily.
Now I am really tired.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He grows tomatoes in his garden.
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
It's nearly six o'clock.
Smoking means suicide.
Great! Is the apartment bought as a concrete shell, or is it ready to move into?
There's someone at the doorway.
What time does this train reach Yokohama?
I do not believe that she can speak Hebrew.
I asked a policeman for directions.
Tom came over and shook my hand.
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.
Please bring an ice bag.
Tom likes tofu.
I like rice more than bread.
Yesterday it rained heavily.
I have the complete works of Shakespeare.
She has very good manners.
I'm glad you came over.
He passed the entrance examination.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be discreet.
Why don't you take a break?
The child next door has to attend three different extra classes every month.
Where were you yesterday?
You'll be answering the phones.
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
It's sort of fashionable, but the price is too high!
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."
We have sufficient evidence to prove this hypothesis.
Tom was sobbing.
You are in my way.
That place is very cold.
Tom was the last person Mary expected to see at John's party.
Are you still awake?
He is tall.
You don't have any more time.
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
This isn't money.
Without dreams, what different are we from animals?
Both Tom and I are tired.
I'm very happy to see you.
They're fighting.
He's not an idiot.
After a while, the man came into the room.
This car handles very easily.
Tom fell into a vat of sulfuric acid.
I made up my mind to study harder.
He is a little bit unhappy today.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
They may have missed the train.
I don't think Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
At the city center, there are many tall buildings.
You've put on weight, haven't you?
The committee is composed of three men and seven women.
He saw it also.
They won't let her escape.
He changed the topic of conversation.
Looking down, we saw a concrete jungle.
Who did you speak with?
I got out of the taxi.
He denied he despised her.
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages.
I am still reading.
Have there been any changes?
Are you staying at this hotel?
I am your fan.
I'm not afraid of dying.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
Don't confuse desire with love.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra's birthday. And don't forget their brother.
Quit smoking if you don't want to die early.
Wang, what year were you born?
Tom is going to be fired, isn't he?
Come and see me at eleven o'clock.
His daughter has become a beautiful woman.
I want the book.
I asked him where he was going.
His body type is born balanced! Wide shoulders, slim waist, belly not popping outwards.
I would like to do more.
I am translating.
I am the state.
Is Tom afraid of dogs?
I bent over to pick up my pen which had fallen on the floor.
Would you mind mailing this letter for me?
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
Why did he become angry?
I've got more books than I can read.
We were completely victorious.
It is time to go to bed.
Why me?
In the village we still heat our homes with wood.
Can you copy this for me?
Italian television is useless.
Cooking takes too much time.
Due to the water shortage, all the flowers in the garden have died.
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
He is two inches taller than I am.
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
The medicine cured him of his illness.
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
There are a few books on the shelf.
Write to me as soon as you get there.
If you don't have anything to do, look at the ceiling of your room.
I bet you won't do that.
The tree has stopped growing.
I feel for you.
He has a fever of 102 degrees.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
According to East Asian reckoning, he's thirty-seven.
I warned Tom, but he didn't listen.
He knows who they are.
We should call the police.
Who were they talking about?
Tell him I'm sick.
I am not convinced you know what you're doing.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
What is your impression of the United States?
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
He gave a ball.
These things constitute a balanced meal.
The higher we go up, the thinner the air becomes.
I just wanted you to look at this.
He told me when to say yes.
How was your summer?
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, milk, mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine.
OK, what kind of place do you live at?
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder!
Do you speak Turkish?
Many people dream.
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.
The boy came running into the room.
As if!
I am hers and she is mine.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
John is a good friend.
She began to cry at the sight of my face.
I've never heard of Tom.
I'm sure Tom can't swim.
Have you ever been to outer space?
Mr Gilmore is so well-known as to need no introduction.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
You lack the most important thing at your age, which is love.
We laughed.
What're you going to do this weekend?
Run and hide in the mountains.
Yes. I am Tom.
He quarrelled with his brother.
Tom went down the hill.
You must carry out your first plan.
He is at her side.
I really wish I could go to bed early every day and get up early!
Do you have any more milk?
Repeat after me.
I want you to relax.
Plan your work before you start it.
Translated into many languages, The International has been and is still singing symbol of social struggles around the world.
Yesterday, he read the most interesting novel.
How come Mary is going on a picnic with him?
I had to get my tattoo removed.
I don't know when he's coming.
If we knew what we were doing, it wouldn't be called research, would it?
What are you here for?
I come from another planet.
She married a rich man.
Jane looks very happy.
I feel homesick.
We have barely enough bread for breakfast.
Is this Latin?
He objected to our plan.
I dare not probe too deeply, lest I uncover the awful truth!
Maybe I should just tell Tom the truth.
Translate the passage word for word.
His advice counted for little.
I really enjoy taking advantage of those who don't understand Chinese.
Can you sing?
She saw a young man at the entrance.
How're you doing?
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Because just one minute costs nearly four pounds.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
This ball is the treasure of that boy.
I know they're in love with each other.
Bill, if you'll come with me, you'll float, too.
By and by the party ended and everyone went home.
I had a slight headache, so I went to bed early.
Have I changed that much?
Then I was made aware that snakes have no ears with which to hear.
"Honey, quick, quick. There's this website called Tatoeba that's auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each! They've even got special offers like buy 100 sentences and get 1 free!" "Ah great! now people collect sentences as a hobby?! What's the world coming to!"
I recognized him immediately.
He's very good at playing baseball.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
These peaches aren't very sweet.
Why did you come to Spain?
We provided food and clothes for them.
He is not angry anymore.
Who is playing the guitar?
I only took a bite of bread.
John ignored my advice.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.
They settled in Canada.
Tom wrote the report all by himself.
She can sing and dance beautifully.
Russia is larger than Pluto.
He married a very pretty girl.
On the whole, the event was successful.
I have an urgent message from Tom.
Go warm up.
Have you ever visited Rome?
Ahh! It broke!
I had a tennis match with him.
If you can put up with us, put us up.
Let's go now.
I want a pint of beer.
Advertisements urge us to buy luxuries.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
Waiter, the check please.
He is three years younger than Father.
Have you turned in your report?
In doing anything, you must do your best.
Those shoes won't do for climbing.
I couldn't keep my anger down.
All things are possible if you believe.
It's been a while since I've had a real vacation.
I want to just focus on the positive.
You must quit smoking.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
I agree completely.
My eyelid feels hot.
Sofia is the capital of Bulgaria.
The store sells foodstuffs, such as butter, cheese, and sugar.
When do you eat turkey?
He laughs best who laughs last.
I want to write an article.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
Our staff will contact you in three working days.
I'm cold. Would you mind turning the heating on?
I'm 18 years old.
Please sing.
First come, first serve.
I'm degenerating!
Have a good Christmas.
Turn the radio up a little.
It doesn't look so cute.
Quitting smoking is easy, quitting you is too hard.
Chinese is a tonal language.
I bought a book online.
You're the best.
You have to have confidence.
I may not object to him going.
This mountain is covered with snow all year round.
The peppermint flavor in this mouthwash is too strong.
We're flying from Boston to Chicago.
It isn't too late for you.
The chicken is pink.
I could see nothing but fog.
Tom is a mystery.
As much as 90 percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
Do we need to wait for her?
Your assistance is indispensable for us.
Tom watched TV yesterday.
Where did you get that much money?
"So what do you think of Mary?" "She has a rather peculiar appearance."
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
I'm going to bed. Good night.
As China develops, more and more countries want to have good relations with it.
Do you understand what I mean?
She sent me a letter.
She's learning to swim.
No one can foretell the future.
He was very anxious on the eve of the exam.
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
I still love you.
Workers of the world, unite!
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
I admit that if it weren't for him, the next ten years of my life would have been empty and devoid of purpose.
She died when she was 54 years old.
I also think 'living hell' is putting it too strongly.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Tom made a list of places he wanted to visit.
I need to ask you a silly question.
Can I borrow your digital camera tonight?
John is my good friend.
She likes to drink.
Tom is not as old as you.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
This island is in the south of Japan.
We can consider that.
He put this box on the table-top.
He is very much concerned about the future of his son.
You teach us to speak English.
Ken cried for help.
It's boring to wait for a train.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
Private detectives were hired to look into the strange case.
Why did you absent yourself from class yesterday?
Do you want to drink some water?
Have you ever seen Tom angry?
Taro has a strong sense of responsibility.
Our new English teacher is fresh from college.
The man wearing glasses is an old Chinese author.
Understood.
He has no choice but to resign.
The mother kissed her baby.
Roll the pastry into a rectangle.
"Are these your cars?" "Yes, they are."
Tom has my book.
Be careful when working with a hoe.
I'm sorry, I forgot my homework.
This is the first time I've heard about it.
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine.
I just got your letter yesterday.
What time did you arrive there?
My mother gets up early in the morning.
He didn't respond to my question.
I wish I'd married another man.
Tom seemed surprised.
Can you speak Japanese?
It's already 11.
It is cheaper to go by bus.
At first, he could not speak English at all.
It's brand new.
Our house stands by the road.
What's your biggest fear?
Life is hard.
Tom cut classes again.
There's still much to do.
My papers were in that box.
Shorter people got more tricks up their sleeves.
There are five patients in the waiting room.
He reached Kyoto on Saturday.
She bought a pair of walking boots.
Don't judge a man by his clothes.
She lives in the country.
Our plans fell through at the last minute.
All of the flowers are paper.
When did you return from London?
He returned very late at night.
You understand more than me about this sort of thing.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
He is always with me.
Tom is stuttering.
The boy jumped into the water.
I lost my key about here.
They have drunk two bottles of wine.
Where did you get it?
He got hurt in the game yesterday.
His face was covered with mud.
Some people think French is a difficult language.
I didn't learn anything at school.
I'm thinking the same thing.
The dress suits you very well.
"When will you be back?" "It all depends on the weather."
Are you busy today?
When I came home, I felt very hungry.
These students work hard, but it's not that much efficient.
What to do next is the question.
I don't dare to do that kind of thing.
I hate soccer.
I take a bath every other day.
I believe he will triumph.
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success.
Don't ever touch my things again.
The moon is behind the clouds.
I haven't seen him since then.
In hard times like this, no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red.
Alcohol is the enemy.
We have so many things left to do.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
There is a little water left.
He's one of my friends.
The mountain used to send out clouds of smoke.
What is the woman saying?
This river is dangerous to swim in.
There is no time to be lost.
I think your new hair color looks good.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
I want to dye my hair.
May I see your driver's license, sir?
"123456" is a frequently-used password.
He told me he would go to Venice.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
From reading good books we can derive pleasure, friendship, experience and instruction.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamed of fifty years ago.
Your dog is here.
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
Are Tom and Mary working together?
It's actually not that difficult.
Tom has a beautiful car.
I don't like to leave things up in the air.
They mistook him for his brother.
Having forgotten his key, he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the keyhole.
Paper burns quickly.
Why are the police here?
Louder, please.
She writes a very good hand.
"Why are you running so fast?" "I have to catch the train."
It's said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
I am pretty pleased with you.
The family ate dinner together.
There's nothing to prevent you from going.
Is this restaurant open?
Fuck, we're old!
I even work on Sundays.
Which is larger, Tokyo or Kobe?
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
I want to travel with you.
It's dangerous to fool around with electricity.
I don't like these kinds of jokes.
Oranges aren't vegetables.
She has asked the person at the front desk to connect her to that number.
It is getting warmer and warmer.
There are no roses without thorns.
We don't have any water.
She's got terrible handwriting.
Nashi are tinned in this factory.
Don't do this to me again.
Tom's cellphone rang.
You disappoint me.
It isn't a bug. It's an undocumented feature.
I prefer milk to juice.
When will you be back?
How many Christmas cards did you write last year?
When did she promise to meet him?
You need to get your eyes checked.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
What's the sense of working so hard?
He speaks Japanese well.
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.
English is spoken in many parts of the world.
I don't like this one.
Who is to blame?
But I wasn't afraid.
He is unable to buy a car.
He explained it to me in detail.
The age of the universe is about 13.75 billion years.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He is two years my junior.
The saying goes: to turn a new leaf is priceless. The saying also goes: a dog can't change their habits of eating shit!
You won't be happy no matter what I do.
Number 26 is already reserved, sorry.
Tom helped me fix my watch.
Can I begin?
After the residents leave, the house is empty.
Chinese people have the most patriotic stomachs.
"Would you mind shutting the door?" "No, not at all."
He has been to London three times.
We couldn't keep from crying.
Time's almost up, why are you still dilly-dallying?
George is very enthusiastic about his new job.
We would rather eat snails tomorrow.
There's no need to speak so loud.
Yesterday, I went to bed at ten.
I met Ben at the hotel yesterday.
He likes re-watching the old videotapes.
Despite different languages and cultures, everyone still became friends.
He speaks English better than me.
A stitch in time saves nine.
I love elderberry juice.
Do you smoke?
Turn off the radio, please.
I'd like to take a 9:30 flight.
He earns three times more than me.
She has no real friends.
You don't have to go to school on Sunday.
We have three dogs, one white and two black.
Why can't ostriches fly?
It's not our fault.
He is my friend.
This mango is sweet.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.
Straight golden hair slides over her shoulder.
Tom's useless!
I can't stop sneezing.
I have to lose weight.
One of your teachers called to say you weren't in school today.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
I know her.
The child's body felt feverish.
How do you spend the New Year?
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
Kate knows how to make a cake.
The biggest victory is to win over yourself.
We've spent too much time here.
The girl is drinking tea.
The picture is colorful in contrast with this one.
I don't understand your mind.
I was vaccinated against the flu.
I've ordered several books from England.
Sugar is soluble in water.
Who is your English teacher?
I graduated from the University of Kyoto.
We should sit down.
It isn't like that anymore.
Can I try your bread?
Can anyone drive?
I study at the University of Hyogo.
Sami's show was a disaster.
Language is the means by which people communicate with others.
Have you ever seen an elephant fly?
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
Are you for the war or against it?
I'd like to study German, but I don't have the time.
That's true as well.
Chinese is more difficult than other foreign languages.
I saw wolves in the Appennines.
He convinced me of his innocence.
How far is it from the airport to the hotel?
The worst is already over.
What he did wasn't wrong.
He's not as energetic as he used to be.
He collected bits of information.
The mainland of China covers 96,000,000 square kilometers, and it is the largest country in Asia, as well as the third largest in the world.
Where shall we go now? To the theatre or cinema?
I owe you forty dollars.
They named their son Tom.
Thanks to television, boys and girls are apt to neglect reading books.
Where's the post office?
I've still got things to do.
He often stays away from home on the weekend.
The next day, Isabela came back home.
I want you to bring Tom a letter.
They decided to get married next month.
You're bleeding everywhere; I'll help you up.
She always studies while listening to music.
You can take her at her word on that.
Put it on the table, please.
Every time it rains, the roof leaks.
"What kind of pet is always found on the floor?" "A carpet."
Tom saw a mouse.
It's all fake news.
Some national parks offer showers and even baby-sitting services.
Tom still isn't sure what to do.
I would like to rent a car.
No one can have three different birth dates.
He is like his father.
I left Shanghai last year and I've never been back.
Dad is coming home tomorrow.
Have you visited foreign countries, say America?
I didn't think this was your seat.
Is your child a boy or a girl?
Tom isn't complaining.
Do you have a fever and a sore throat?
Fight like a man!
Armenia is a mountainous country.
Hurry up, it's late.
I bet he doesn't make it.
Turn on the TV.
It was not easy to put out the fire at once.
I became acquainted with beautiful Polish women at the university in Brazil, and I also met there some very friendly people who could speak Polish.
The train was so crowded that none of us could get a seat.
It's a nice day.
We hacked a path through the forest.
If he says it is Monday, it is Monday.
You need the keys?
We cannot see the other side of the moon.
I'll be coming within an hour.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
What's the hurry?
My eyes hurt.
Mary hardly ever talks to her husband anymore.
We have the alternative of death and submission.
Stay still.
I'd rather go hungry than eat this.
Despite a lot of difficulties, he still completed the task.
Don't pry into the affairs of others.
If I had one million yen now, I would buy a car.
A single step, and you will fall over the cliff.
Mary is working in her office.
We admired the beauty of the scenery.
He goes by the name of Kenchan.
Waiter, I'd like to order.
Tom wouldn't give Mary his new number.
He was wounded in the war.
Let's try!
If you don't understand something, it's because you aren't aware of its context.
I know every inch of New York.
Beware of anyone who claims objectivity.
When real life friends desert us, books are always ready to offer friendship, sympathy and motivation.
Here you can see beautiful colour combinations.
It's so early.
I will be free tomorrow afternoon.
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
Long skirts are out of fashion now.
There is an important ruin hidden under this gym.
This matter is of incredible urgency!
How many pens do you have?
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
I met a friend of Mary's.
I am willing to take your offer.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.
You should study harder.
How long did you stay?
I'll stick to my principles.
You're my friend.
I do not doubt it in the least.
I was stung by a bee.
Yiddish is not Hebrew.
Where's my apple juice?
He has two daughters who have both married doctors.
I left home early to get a good seat.
I have been living in Canada for almost five years.
It's a little cold today.
Do you really want to know?
Every time I go to Paris, I visit the Sacred Heart Basilica, sit on the steps, and listen to the people below singing and playing musical instruments.
Mike went to Kyoto last summer.
I'm on my way to hospital.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
Tom doesn't want to work after he is 60.
He left behind some things for his son.
Looks are not everything.
Why have you only arrived now?
Here's the map you are looking for.
I'm almost finished.
I had hoped to meet you there.
I don't wanna know this.
Are these all Tom's books?
Where is the tea with milk?
My father bought a pair of gloves for me.
Did you not see me?
Everybody but Tom knew that he didn't need to do that.
Two families live in that house.
Can you do bookkeeping?
You are taller than she.
There were not many present.
What I'm saying is true.
What are you eating for lunch?
My grandfather goes for a walk every morning.
How long has it been going on?
Thank you for your invitation.
I held my breath and waited.
Do you want fruit?
Get out of my house!
What are you doing in a freezing place like this?
She's a blog addict.
Tom said he'd think about my suggestion.
Can I have a few words with you?
Driving too fast is dangerous.
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
It's a long story.
Where are we going to meet?
Have you already met Mr Smith?
Does everybody love music?
That you don't believe me is a great pity.
We need to go right at the next junction.
You look good in a kimono.
His store is always crowded with customers.
I have to buy some new clothes next week.
He was tired then.
There will be snow tomorrow.
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."
Tom seems to be easygoing.
Do you believe that he is telling the truth?
In my world everyone’s a pony and they all eat rainbows and poop butterflies.
Ken beat me at chess.
Are there authentic Chinese restaurants in France?
Someone is always on duty.
The group of people came along with us.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
Tom didn't waste any time, did he?
He was afraid of his wife.
She wears a lot of jewellery.
We both can play the piano.
Buy me a turtle, Mom, please buy me a turtle!
He believes there is a spy among us.
The demon lord finally lost consciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
She looks young.
Some brave passengers caught the pickpocket and turned him over to the police.
He has a good palate for wine.
We were surprised to hear the news.
Tom hasn't complained about anything yet.
I want a pet tiger.
How did you know that I was with Tom?
Can we stop fighting?
My dad will kill me.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
The stripes were horizontal.
I'm really tired.
Of course.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
How about Thai food?
I didn't know where Tom was taking me.
Do you love music?
Beethoven was a great musician.
I want you to open the window.
If you go to that supermarket, you can buy most things you use in your daily life.
He's not my boyfriend.
He acts quickly.
It is expensive to live in Japan.
James was caught in a shower.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom is overweight.
We're going on a picnic a week on Saturday.
Did you read the article?
He ignored all of our warnings.
He fancies himself ill.
It's stopped snowing.
Are they treated fairly?
She's five years younger than me.
She is a doctor.
We need two cars.
The message was in French.
I see a woman wearing black.
Are you going to attend the meeting?
Do you watch the news?
I also know how to cook.
Have you completed your homework?
I received a letter three months later.
Who's that?
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
He risked losing all his fortune.
She has kept a diary for 3 years.
The blossoms will be out in a few days.
No, until now she has never fallen in love.
Tom is interested in mountaineering.
Mt. Aso is an active volcano.
You're still young.
What are you talking about!?
I've never read such a scary novel.
I do not speak Chinese.
It takes time.
I want to put an end to the quarrel.
It rained five days in a row.
It's difficult for me to understand French when it's spoken quickly.
When you cross the bridge, don't look down.
I let go of the rope.
She went shopping with her mother.
I will go with you if necessary.
Japan and South Korea are neighbors.
The price of rice has fallen.
Modern technology has made our lives more comfortable.
I don't like those kinds of jokes.
He wrote to his parents.
You are correct in your judgement.
My colleague and I do the same job, but she was promised a promotion very soon.
All of my wife's relatives are my in-laws.
What just happened?
This isn't love.
He accepted my idea.
May I go to the toilet?
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
I'll take a cup of tea.
I can't bear this pain.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
Who's the smartest kid in your class?
The teacher gave us a lot of homework.
The train should be on time.
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?"
Do you know where your father went?
He is the man you met the other day.
Sorry, I didn't hear you.
What happened to Tom could happen to you.
How weird!
We should look after our parents.
Should I reply to his letter?
We don't care what he does.
Not a single cloud could be seen in the sky.
Should we be worried?
I still like you.
Can I get something to drink?
Don't forget to sign your name.
Don't be so wild, Jack.
You know quite a lot about Sumo.
Please call me at this number.
I love summer.
Every day I think: wouldn't life be great if I didn't have to work.
Tom sits in front of his computer eight hours a day.
I did it myself.
Tom wanted to leave.
How much money do you donate every year?
I'm very busy these days.
Oh no, there are more straight ahead!
What does that gentleman do for a living?
He was tired from reading.
Please turn off your engine.
No one listened to me.
A strange feeling came over me.
I know I'm wrong.
What's the spelling of your family name?
How are you all?
He's always smiling.
Do you want to work here?
I will probably be given a car by my dad and I would feel happy about it if that happened.
No matter what, I'm leaving when the rain stops.
It's my turn to decide what to eat.
How scary!
Driver, you're driving in the opposite direction. I want to go east. Why are you driving west?
There are three survivors.
It's not that simple.
Let me buy you another one.
He told me that he's going on a trip.
Air is a mixture of various gases.
Your problems don't concern me.
I'm only here for one day.
Which bed do you want to use?
Tom isn't thrilled.
Tom will be able to swim soon.
Spring is coming soon.
You have a very nice family.
He found her after five hours.
You will have to be responsible for what you've done.
This knife won't cut well.
Esperanto is the language of love.
He also did that.
Don't eat that!
Suddenly the horse began to run about wildly.
Where is my sentence?
With North Korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States' commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
Don't expect miracles.
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
You must get up a little earlier.
I'm going downtown.
Tom was forced to return home.
As time went on, rules were added to the game to make it safer.
I've got a feeling that Tom won't graduate this year.
The thief whipped out into the crowd.
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
Though he had a cold, he went to work.
It is a shame not to keep your promise.
Yesterday I played soccer.
We couldn't see stars that night.
Why haven't you gone to sleep yet? You should go to sleep sooner.
He knows the mayor.
I have lived in Tokyo since 1985.
Call your sisters.
The nurse gave me a glucose injection.
They were very tired indeed.
Who do you suggest we talk to?
Tom's eating.
I can't afford a new car this year.
I'm too drunk to do that.
Tom has a piano.
He is curious about everything.
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.
Bob is also able to drive.
He likes cooking for his family.
Why do you need change?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
That dress really becomes her.
Don't write in red ink.
There is no telling what will happen in the future.
We ate fresh fruit after dinner.
It is dangerous to drive so fast.
This wine has a fruitier taste than the one we tasted before.
You are a vegetarian.
We talked and talked until the day broke.
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
For some reason or other I cannot bring myself to work.
You've got to go.
Who said that to you?
In three days—that is to say, on Monday next—matters will be ripe, and the Professor, with all the principal members of his gang, will be in the hands of the police.
Ten minutes later, our car ran out of gas.
It's about three square miles.
I'm not used to speaking in public.
He had a shower before breakfast.
Why didn't you do it?
He showered her with compliments.
That black bird is not a blackbird.
I read this book two years ago.
He was born in the 19th century.
Do you think that he is equal to the task?
There is no difference between this row of clothes and the one next to it.
This bag is mine.
"Exchanging courtesies every day is all we've done," Tom answered with resignation.
Damascus is the capital of Syria.
This is a nice place, but I don't want to live here.
Someone's shouted my name.
He's not home.
Can you tell wheat from barley?
Tokyo is a big city.
Tom is still in Boston.
God is in control of all things.
I have a headache.
Thanks, great!
Tom lacks flexibility.
When does breakfast start?
I wrote a letter to my mother.
Your telegram arrived just as I was about to telephone you.
Tom isn't a good driver.
He always tells the truth.
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.
Yesterday, my father came to my house to help me with the air conditioning.
Esperanto, an official language of the European Union, now!
His mother is sitting to his left.
Most accidents happen near home.
Many children don't like vegetables, but my little brother loves them.
He has worked in Hanoi before.
They sank ten enemy ships.
Stop!
Atletico Madrid surprised everyone with their win against Barcelona as they’ve always been the underdogs in the Spanish league.
No, you don't stink.
I hope that John comes.
You are honest to admit your mistake.
I took two cups of coffee.
Sorry, I'm late.
She doesn't pay attention to others; in other words, she is selfish.
I'm lucky.
Shove a stick up your ass.
Where is your room?
When did she break the window?
You wouldn't believe me if I told you.
I got mugged.
How do Tom and Mary know each other?
This is a pear, not an apple.
What genres of music are you into?
Are you American?
I was the only one to leave.
Of course, I told them.
My father likes pizza.
I thought the questions were easy.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
My grandmother lost her memory.
Always fasten your seat belt.
I applied for a summer internship.
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me.
Wait five minutes, please.
I'm scared of dogs.
Will you please turn down the radio?
What are you staring at?
Not to mince words, he got fired.
The prisoner was set at liberty.
One of the lights is not working. Do you think you could come take a look?
This is not a cat, it is a dog.
Where is my father?
Am I correct in thinking thus?
He's coming closer.
"What time did you go to sleep last night?" "Around 2:30."
He bought himself a dog.
I remember last summer's adventure.
He likes swimming.
This beer is bitter.
Tom often goes shopping alone.
You are going to bed.
How much does this book cost?
It is not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
John stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
She is seldom late for school.
I can't fix this computer.
I remember having seen this movie before.
That house with the red roof is Tom's house.
Studying is a step-by-step process.
You've worked hard for months and have certainly earned a holiday.
Could you please repeat what you just said?
Which one is easier?
From now on, let's keep in touch.
Are you a senior high school student?
The story ended suddenly.
This morning, I saw an angel.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
Business will recover soon.
Mary is alone in the forest.
Don't listen to him, he's talking nonsense.
Tom loves flowers.
It's not the first time that he's being like this.
Tom has been very careful.
Tom took his keys out of his pocket.
I eat up everything!
Some people think of reading as a waste of time.
I'm going.
I drank two cups of coffee.
I'll explain everything to you.
People can accept praise more easily than criticism.
If I gave no answer, I would not have spoken.
It's difficult to speak English well.
They came at an inconvenient time.
I'm not the least bit worried.
This should be a lot of fun.
We visited the museum last week.
He stood there with his hat on.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
The body quickly adjusts itself to changes in temperature.
Tom, have you already eaten lunch?
I advised her to catch a morning train.
The wallet is in the bag.
In the hands of a skilled designer, any two colors can go well together.
They tied the thief to the tree.
Don't you like my yellow scarf?
They said that they didn't like to do that.
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.
Normally I take the bus to school.
The lock's broken.
There are two doctors in his circle of friends, a surgeon and an ophthalmologist.
A few minutes after he finished his work, he went to bed.
These pictures are really very beautiful.
Does he have a son?
He cut some branches off the tree.
Alex is non-binary.
The capital of the U.S. is Washington, D.C.
Watch him and do what he does.
Should I register for that class?
Even if we end up being late, it doesn't bother us.
Sorry, I'm going to watch a movie!
I'm accustomed to the climate.
Few people can speak English better than Sachiko.
We call our dog Pochi.
Here we are at Ueno Station.
Tom told Mary to help John.
My taste has gotten heavier.
Let's do that once again.
Who's that man?
The baby was fast asleep.
He wanted to do it, whatever the consequences.
The heat is terrible today.
How long were you in jail?
It was a bag that I lost in the room yesterday.
What is that building with the green roof?
He knew intuitively that she was lying.
I just want to be with you.
He proposed a reform in the educational system.
Thanks in advance.
I forgot to send the letter.
How can you be so indifferent to your wife's trouble?
I wrote down that telephone number.
Why are you crying?
Communism will never be reached in my lifetime.
I can neither confirm nor deny that.
He can't be hungry. He's just had lunch.
Any student with an I.D. card has access to the library.
I'd like to know where they are.
Where is your twenty? I'll give you five bucks for it.
The radio is too loud. Can't you turn it down a little?
I'll see you in my dreams.
Be more precise.
They drink cola.
Your suggestion came up at the meeting.
I do not like mathematics very much.
Tom became a vegan.
She is nothing but a child.
I wonder why John is always late for school.
I got him to fix my bicycle.
She could not refrain from tears.
First came the Celts in 600 B.C.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
Tom wrote everything down.
I couldn't agree with his opinion.
She was satisfied with the new skirt.
I've done everything necessary.
Hail Satan!
Three soldiers who came back from the war are renting a house at the edge of a small town on the shore of the Inland Sea and live together.
Football is my favorite game.
Miss Baker knew that the young man would have to leave very soon, so she decided to ask him to move his car a bit, so that she could park hers in the proper place for the night before going to bed.
He's about the same age as you.
When do you get up on Sundays? When do you got to sleep?
May I leave now?
This fish isn't edible.
Bad children love to torment animals.
Close the door on your way out.
They have eyes but they do not see - ears, and they do not hear.
She was wearing a blue coat.
This plan requires secrecy.
My father traveled all over the world by air.
Mary announced her engagement to Tom.
It takes years to master a foreign language.
What are you doing on 5p.m. on Monday?
You seem to be waiting for somebody.
He stayed at a cheap hotel.
No one is forcing you to do this.
There’s no time for that!
She sat by my side.
I'm fed up with this weather.
Haven't you chosen?
The dog followed me to my home.
Please sit down.
It was already very late.
Are you a college student?
Maternal love is greater than anything else.
The bill will never go through.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Can you give me a discount?
Fred is a lazy fellow.
If you recognize this person, call 110!
This dog is a crossbreed.
Knowing their languages is not enough to communicate effectively, because the methods of communication are determined by their cultures.
I like blueberry cake!
What are you writing?
She abandoned her children.
They eat meat.
Is there any chance that Tom isn't going to be there?
Tom thinks that Mary may have an eating disorder.
I took it for granted that he would pass the exam.
The world is a book and each step opens a page.
It's true that she's dead.
I really need to read all this.
It is definite that he will go to America.
Many improvements have been made since this century began.
Peter’s one of the best goalkeepers ever. He’s always able to pull off great saves.
Where does she live now?
How much did this cost?
The project was a great success.
Almost all the students like English.
He could no longer contain his anger.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
What do you think I've been doing?
They're armed.
I go to the movies every week.
Father gestured to me to leave the room.
I'd like to listen to pop music.
I didn't greet you because I mistook you for somebody else.
Where do you watch television?
The enemy attacked us at night.
A few days later, we left Boston.
Don't touch.
You told Tom you could do that, didn't you?
Do you play a musical instrument?
Anyone here knows how to drive?
Let's take a ten-minute break.
Please pardon me for coming late.
Why did you do that?
Let's go to the picnic.
Children are full of energy.
We ought to do our best not to pollute our environment.
Please shave my beard.
I have wine.
Come on, hurry up.
Cows are eating grass in the meadow.
Tom really wanted to go to Boston.
Love is giving something one doesn't have.
I'm allergic to corn.
I didn't work yesterday.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I'll be back in ten minutes.
I was nine years old when I asked my mother whether Father Christmas really existed.
How tall is this building?
It will cost you $100 to fly to the island.
They are having a chat.
Jim got a job as a waiter.
Do you speak Chinese?
Tom said he was going to have fish for dinner tonight.
There are 56 ethnic groups in China.
They gave a series of concerts.
I think Tom is from Australia.
The snow will melt when the sun comes out.
You should rewrite this sentence.
I believe this was unnecessary.
Why does he look black?
You should obey your parents.
I don't know why you don't like her.
I wonder what has happened to her.
Let's rest here.
It was only a dream.
Many people cannot understand the way hackers behave.
I haven't made much progress.
The sea is blue.
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public.
Tom filled out the job application form.
When did you try hugging Tom?
Shall I go for the doctor?
This policy resulted in a great rise in prices.
I'm coming.
The fuel gauge is broken.
He is a coward.
How about having dinner together?
He likes to cook for his family.
What colour is this fish?
Stop shouting.
You have a letter.
Can't we work this out?
I couldn't prevent Tom from eating all the cookies.
Do you get it?
I am an electrician.
He solved the conundrum.
A reward will be paid to anyone who brings back the money that he lost.
Those kinds of methods are out of date.
Don't mess me around!
Every man has his price.
I study comparative religion in the arts faculty of the University of Turku.
I know that we're alive.
I make €100 a day.
She likes to run.
Taro bought a used car last week.
I have no patience.
I detest everyone, and everyone detests me.
How's everybody doing?
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
It isn't something that anyone can do.
He just looked on and didn't stop the quarrel.
I wonder what happened to Paul.
He lives there alone.
Almost no one believes her.
I'll see you a week from today.
I don't think I agree.
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.
There was a sudden change of plan.
I'll never leave you.
Our house, our rules.
I'm already married.
You look good.
The fire was put out immediately.
The downtown area is the heart of the city.
Sami has never said it.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Haven't you told her yet?
He is able to speak ten languages.
Tom dyed his hair.
And so you've finally come back to Russia.
What's your real purpose?
Tom probably wanted to go swimming.
I suggest we move to a safer location.
Don't forget to lock the door when leaving.
I want to go abroad next year.
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
My mother wants me to study in Switzerland.
Aren't you worried?
Tom was wearing jeans.
You can go to the bus station.
Keep working.
Eggs are round, not square.
Nonsense.
He asked me to pay immediately.
He said something.
Everyone loves him.
Let's not discuss the matter today.
I hear he is good at mahjong.
I am in Beijing right now.
Does this cap belong to you?
What will I be doing this time next year?
The fork is dirty.
I helped my mother in the kitchen.
I am slowly adjusting to the harsh climate here.
He could not help jumping for joy at the good news.
I enjoy taking pictures.
I went there to see her.
The party's over, but we still can't go home.
It's not that far.
I dove into the river.
They were listening to the radio.
I just saw a beautiful peacock displaying its feathers while on a walk in the forest.
Bill brought me a glass of water.
Her grade in English was very good.
Mr. Sato asked me many questions about the election.
When I was young, I used to climb trees a lot.
Wait a while, I'll be right back.
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
Mayuko can't bear living alone.
You're gay.
Tom and Mary are really hungry.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
How about Friday?
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
This is not important.
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
What's that guy's name?
Come on in here.
There's someone who wants to meet you.
Don't touch me.
Tom is here because of me.
I hang the calendar on the wall.
I'm studying hanzi.
I'll go.
I am hot.
I was lucky.
I'm drinking milk.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching football, haha.
What kind of fruit do you like?
Why did they turn down your proposal?
I've never been to Europe.
There are no double-decker buses in Algiers.
You have to study French whether you like it or not.
Layla had a miscarriage.
I sometimes watch TV.
Tom and Jane quarreled, but they made up the next morning.
I've had a scratchy throat since this morning. I wonder if I've caught a cold.
There are daisies next to the steel building.
I gave it to the little boy.
You should've stayed in the car.
Are you sure that Tom is happy?
Did you bring the book?
A panel of experts discussed the plan.
I am Doraemon.
Are you busy now?
True friendship is based on mutual trust.
He has gone mad.
Where did you buy all this?
Mary looks unfriendly, but she is really very kind at heart.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
I'll never come back.
I thought you were a teacher.
I have a bath every night.
It is not snowing.
Tom said he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
I want this Japanese-Chinese dictionary.
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures, I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language.
I brought you a little something.
They add pictures to their album.
Coffee is my favorite drink.
"How long will you remain in Rome?" "Until Tuesday."
When will tomorrow arrive?
How do you go to school?
I made sure no one was following me.
They're already here.
I'm going to read.
Can you swim underwater?
Mathematicians are poets, except that they have to prove what their fantasy creates.
He'll be back home tomorrow.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
I really want to know what's going on.
"How much did you pay for this?" "About 20 euros." "Wow! That's incredibly cheap."
Tom died two days after he moved to Boston.
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
He is keeping an eye out.
Aren't there any qualified applicants?
I want to go to London.
Tom deceived me.
I think he's going to be sick.
Oh shit!
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
The faucet is leaking.
They sued the government for damages.
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
I'm hoping that that'll happen.
This mountain scenery is very beautiful.
How do you account for that?
London is small compared to Tokyo.
Would you like to go out to have a drink somewhere?
It has been two years since he went over to America to study English.
Graham Greene is my favourite writer.
Sometimes I can't help myself.
The thief ran away.
Tom also talked.
You are not as short as I.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
How are you?
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
How did they meet?
Tom won't leave you.
I'd prefer to speak to you in private.
Is there any life on Mars?
Let's hide behind the curtain.
The brand new pen is easy to use.
Let me go. I can't take it anymore!
He got engaged to my cousin.
It's easy to catch a cold.
Your turn to split!
How is your new class?
I want to study Chinese and go to China.
Kids these days think that any issue in life can be resolved as easily as restarting a computer game.
Go straight ahead along this street.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
He's a man of ability.
Does Tom speak French better than Mary?
I would like to purchase some boots.
The number is unfortunately busy.
This machine is used to dry clothes.
In France the first name comes before the surname.
Do you know how to speak English?
She couldn't answer the question.
This boy is lazy.
I want you to come at once.
He likes black people.
I want to have a cup of coffee.
Could I have the bill, please?
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
They died.
He never speaks English without making a few mistakes.
Both of us are from Germany.
Look both ways before you cross the road.
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation.
No one came except Tom.
What's the price of this radio?
Tom knows the difference.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
What's your problem?
Do you and Tom spend a lot of time together?
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven't changed to reflect that.
The sweat was dripping off my brow.
My teacher taught me that you can take the square root of a negative number.
Don't listen to her.
If by any chance I'm late, please don't wait for me.
I want to buy the dress.
I hate snow!
She must still be in her twenties.
Mary seems to be bored with the game.
You shouldn't read a book in a room this dim.
He's always at home on Mondays.
He will have to go to the station.
There is insufficient light to take pictures.
People should get more involved.
I'm very interested in dialects.
So far as this matter is concerned, I am completely satisfied.
David can speak French fluently.
During summer breaks, I ate dinner at midnight.
What's your horse's name?
I waited more than three hours.
Give me your phone.
How did you feel about that?
He bought this truck from Poland.
He works hard all the year round.
In this case, the adjective goes before the noun.
I think she is showing off her new dress to us.
There are no clouds in the sky.
Modern art doesn't interest me.
The word ‘antonym’ is antonymous to ‘synonym’.
Who did you give it to?
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
What is the size of this district's greenery area?
I don't remember doing anything like that.
This is the book that you're looking for.
Language is peculiar to man.
She went down that road.
He asked us to help him.
How long have you been doing this?
Do you want to learn French?
Truer words were never spoken.
The best wealth is knowledge, average wealth is children, and the smallest wealth is material objects.
May I borrow your car tonight?
How do you pronounce your name?
Accordingly, besides noun declension patterns, there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English.
She became fat.
Do you think Tom knows that Mary is married?
I'm ill, aren't I?
Who is the woman standing there?
She plays the violin very well.
Do you know this comic?
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
You will recover very soon.
Tom and Mary wanted me to give them enough time to do that.
The army forced him to resign.
The religion was in its glory in those days.
I don't want any milk at all.
During hot season, perishables go bad easily.
When we got there, it was already dark.
He did not work on Sunday night.
Pass me the salt and pepper, please.
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
I like snow a lot.
I was watching TV when the phone rang.
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours.
He is the manager of the marketing department.
She's in a depression.
I didn't understand a single word Tom said.
He makes three times more money than I do.
I want you to commit seppuku.
We have a 20% share of the market.
Smokers die young.
I think that Yumi is sick.
Is it going to rain tomorrow?
I read a book.
The committee has ten members.
Tom didn't know what he'd done was against the rules.
He came back two days late.
George is five years older than me.
I hope so.
I hate Twitter.
Let me go, you're choking me.
Anything else?
It's warm here all the year round.
Our flight was canceled.
Please wait here a moment.
I must remember to buy that book tomorrow.
Please say hello to your family.
What do you want to give them?
It's supper time.
Put the radio on, please.
The Yangtze, at 6,380 km, is Asia's longest river.
Welcome home.
He is a despicable person.
Everything chose to go wrong during his absence.
Stop tormenting them.
There is no film in this camera.
We go fishing once in a while.
Tom plays guitar.
Quite a few students played truant from school.
We want to learn some Japanese songs.
"I met a friend for the first time yesterday who I'd got to know online." "Ah, this Tom fella you're always going on about." "That's the one!" "And how was it?" "He wasn't as good-looking as I thought he'd be."
This problem is hard to solve.
My mother made me a sweater.
Have a good weekend.
I'm not your father.
What do you think of the new movie?
I'll ride with Tom.
I like candy.
Do you really believe that's what happened?
He is used to making speeches.
We'll die sooner or later.
I have a feeling I'm being ignored.
More and more married couples share household chores.
Could you call again later, please?
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
Marco thinks he writes well.
The population of China has already exceeded 1.3 billion.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
Tell me about Germany.
I will show you the picture.
Where is your package?
Why didn't you tell Tom that you were married?
Can you let me pass?
As my room faces south, it's not too cold even in winter.
We walked more quickly than usual.
The thief ran off as soon as he saw the police car.
Tom just wants some answers.
He will die.
Look at that tall building.
He told the truth.
When do we arrive?
I don't know how to swim.
Tom needs to be told what to do.
He drives his own car.
Tom had a strange dream.
He doesn't want you to tell him about your sex life.
Tom used to date my daughter.
I felt the house shake.
She was feeling kind of tired.
Sami went to talk to Layla.
He found the box under the table.
What does SFX stand for?
Mary isn't really sick. She's only pretending to be.
I will give her a pen.
I received a letter from her.
What does your aunt do?
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
The candle went out by itself.
I don't know anything.
With Renaissance, scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas.
Everybody knows that.
Millions of people starve to death every year.
They don't know each other very well.
Tom needs encouragement.
I want to have a look at this one.
She presumes him to be innocent.
You should come visit us!
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can take care of himself.
The government should invest more money in agriculture.
This shop is open from 9 to 6 o'clock.
Are drinks free?
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom before he left for Boston.
Plenty of snow had fallen overnight. In the streets the next morning, grandmothers appeared with their grandchildren on sledges, and in the park that afternoon, after school, snowball fights broke out.
They swam against the current.
A table for four, please.
I'm listening to Björk's latest song.
He should have been more careful.
I have two dogs. One is white and the other black.
We know that Tom has been shot. That's all we know.
I can not sleep well.
Do you want us to call you a taxi?
Though Jim works very hard, his job does not pay very much.
The manager ordered all the rooms to be swept clean as soon as possible.
I am just going for a walk.
I take a walk at six in the evening.
I read his book.
Tom will try to stop me for sure.
You mustn't eat too much ice cream and spaghetti.
A fly can walk on the ceiling.
Tom was completely worn out.
Tom can't cook very well, so he often eats out.
Why aren't you even moving at all?
He knew he could not win.
Tom visits Mary every time he goes to Boston.
The service here is awful.
Mary is a good maid.
Tom has his own bedroom.
I've finally got the whole set!
My dad really likes to eat pizza.
Good night, Tatoeba. See you tomorrow.
To me, it is important.
That settles that.
We have five days to go before the summer vacation.
We were just about to leave when it started to rain.
Are you really not coming?
My name is Yatarou.
He is able to run faster than I.
The artist is eternally a boy.
I forget to telephone him.
Write your name in capital letters.
Our school is further away than the station.
I don't trust banks.
My mom gets out of bed before me.
I already want to read them.
We've received a lot of applications in answer to our advertisements.
Cats don't eat mice these days.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
Bring me another fork, please.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Sam has already done his homework.
I'll take this umbrella.
Tom has already gone to sleep.
It's very hot here, it's 26 degrees.
I don't like the food at that deli.
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
A good education doesn't imply a good upbringing.
I want hot water.
I would like to see it.
She writes to me once a month.
The bargain sale will run for three days, beginning today.
Can someone answer the telephone?
Hello Tom! What time are you coming?
I was disappointed in him.
English is an international language.
He ate a box of chocolates.
Bill is a baseball player.
I got a call from her.
You don't know him.
Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room.
We are going downtown to eat pizza.
The bad weather affected his health.
I took off my wig.
It is me that is wrong.
I came, didn't I?
I am convinced of your innocence.
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
I'm content with my salary.
Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
Whatever I do, she says I can do better.
Tom took out his wallet and paid the bill.
Three voted against the idea.
That makes no sense at all.
She answered in tears.
There is a bookstore in front of my house.
Are you brushing your teeth properly?
My name's Cyril. Pleased to meet you.
The goods were transported by ship.
We handle all type of books, both new and old.
I wasn't very hungry, so I decided to eat later.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
One of them is a spy.
His writing is very subjective.
I'd like to have a glass of wine.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
Why doesn't anyone believe me?
I'll stay there till six o'clock.
Tom turned on the car's fog lights.
He had it wrong.
Did you bring some milk?
I'm too busy to go.
"30 Yuan is far too expensive for that little room", he thought.
Have you finished reading that novel?
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.
Now it's my brother's turn.
Unfortunately those beautiful words are not my own.
May I say something?
I want to cry.
One fifth of the earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
I, for one, am for the plan.
I'll make you happy.
I have not more than ten books.
My wallet was stolen while I was asleep.
I'm studying English.
He lives in Ukraine.
The police accused him of theft.
Do you like spinach?
Will he come? I don't think he will come.
He'll return at four.
They’ve been watching that film for ages.
Ought I to go?
Can I open the window?
After standing for 6 hours, Antonio's legs became stiff.
Everybody except Tom knew he didn't need to do that.
A Mexican taught him Spanish.
Some of the photos have been taken at the risk of life.
He chose every word with care.
French people don't think of anything as impossible.
The Pacific Ocean alone covers an area larger than that of all continents put together.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
The linguist is fluent in several Chinese dialects.
I feel depressed often.
She meant this gift for you.
I owe everything to Tom.
Are you good at cooking?
Don't drink any alcohol.
Are you sure of your facts?
You should return what you borrow.
This house is as large again as that one.
Sometimes that tired-out face of yours appears in front of my eyes.
Many young men died in the cause of democracy during the war.
See you Thursday!
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
Your cake is delicious.
I'd do anything for Tom.
They blamed George for the failure.
She has 1001 wishes.
It's time to go to bed.
He's not breaking the law.
There's free beer on Thursday nights.
I was very hungry.
The assignment took me longer than I had expected.
He came home late in the evening.
I could never be like you.
He survived an accident last year, but still drives recklessly.
You can put anything into a hodgepodge.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be cancelled.
Tom said he's glad Mary has finally graduated.
Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Today is Wednesday, yes?
There is a place in this world where we cannot and must not set foot. Knowing of this existence, to accept it and show it the greatest reverence is the first step to belief.
Tom's parents were also singers.
He has been to Hokkaido.
It's cold.
The challenge we are going to face is how to increase work efficiency.
Jack is interested in painting.
My phone died.
I'm already able to write Chinese characters.
He is loved by his people.
He's my underling.
The recent advances in medicine are remarkable.
What did you say?
My uncle bought me this book.
I'll come as soon as I can.
We are to meet him at seven this evening.
What is it?
That seems completely impossible.
Is he right?
I'll give you a ring.
I'll take you there.
Kyoko is lying on the grass.
Wood may remain ten years in the water, but it will never become a crocodile.
We're not stupid.
Soon the same waiter came back to pick up the dishes.
Sami is in there.
Please don't laugh at us.
You have plenty of time.
I might give up soon and have a kip instead.
He's very influential in the world of medicine.
Sometimes I smoke just to give my hands something to do.
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity.
I know some of your students don't like you.
The multinational corporation has forecast the implementation of economies of scale.
She has the large house to herself.
Fuck you!
He doesn't need to get up so early.
Even now, many years after the Cold War, there is still much rancor between the Russians and the Germans, especially in areas once occupied by the Soviet Union.
I'm not wearing pants.
Kate listened to the radio all day.
Follow your own path and let people talk.
How much is the kilo of pineapple?
Do you want to sit down?
He used to be the mayor.
The criminal is still at large.
I don't want any excuses.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
They like apples.
Let's watch TV.
You'd better wait for the next bus.
My father repaired my old watch.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
You can park behind the hotel.
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today.
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it.
I helped her wash dishes.
Crocodiles have sharp teeth.
Long, long ago, there lived an old man in a village.
Someone among them wants to hug you.
Tom doesn't need to worry about it.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
I was overtaken by a car.
Tom hasn't finished his lunch yet.
The air felt a little cold.
Mary wanted Tom to take her to the airport, but he refused.
He and his friend sat on the bench.
He snored loudly while he slept.
Cats are very cute.
Nancy looks so tired.
Does the heating work in the winter?
Water and ice are the same substance in different forms.
Choose.
I don't believe Tom is a lawyer.
I know you're working with her.
There aren't that many synagogues in this city.
I study Korean.
How did Tom get Mary to go to the dance with him?
Dad is a hard worker.
What mountain do you think is the second highest in Japan?
I'll ask Tom to help us.
Something is changing.
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.
Buddhism originated in India.
My foot hurts.
He is always very respectful of his wife's opinions.
I'm sure they can hear us.
Come here, all of you.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
I finished reading the book last night.
I'm all for it.
Do you hate me?
We tried to come to a compromise with them.
Did they already know each other?
Tom speaks fast.
How far is it from here to the sea?
I'm from Limburg.
I did not play tennis yesterday.
A woman's tongue is her sword.
If you like beer, you might like wine.
Tom's got high blood pressure.
Tom let us know that he needs to do that.
Are any seats still available?
This dog eats almost anything.
She is unable to withstand the pressure.
Tom hasn't called Mary yet.
All that I know is that he gave up the plan.
He was too tired to go any farther.
If I search for "什么" using Simplified Chinese, I expect to also see "甚么" in the results.
I haven't finished my homework yet.
The enemy dropped many bombs on the factory.
I hate politics.
I'm amazed at your fluency in English.
What do you think of it?
I'm a lesbian.
Two children are sitting on top of the fence.
I'd like a single with a shower, please.
There are things you're better off not knowing.
I got very tired, but I felt good.
Are you here for business?
I'll open the window a bit.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
I suppose it's different when you think about it over the long term.
She didn't go far.
She keeps her hair long.
How many days will you remain in London?
I got here a little earlier than Tom did.
You must work hard if you want to succeed.
The cat is adorable.
Duh.
Tom looks older than seventy.
I always lock my room.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
The teacher told them not to swim in the river.
By the way, today is the 8th of June — my wife's birthday.
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
I disagree with you.
I don't need it.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
The red house is the one that Jack built.
He died some years since.
He asked if I liked Chinese food.
I tried to talk him out of the project, but in vain.
I am Tom's grandfather.
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.
Two slices of pizza please.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
I think that Tom really likes Mary.
I couldn't help but be impressed by Tom's courage.
The man is using the landline to call.
Tom has to take the test again.
I knew Tom knew Mary.
The armed forces occupied the entire territory.
I can't bear the sight of him.
Who first reached the summit of Mt. Everest?
Did you enjoy yourself at the party last night?
Kate did her homework in the kitchen.
Eat.
It is out of the question.
"Hi, is this you?" "Yes, this is me."
Can I smoke?
It was a blast.
Every Jack has his Jill.
Do you have friends in your class?
Please reply in Chinese or English.
She drew out the money from the bank.
Tony speaks English as well as you do.
Please look at that red-roofed house.
There's been an accident.
Indeed, dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport!
He is afraid of his own shadow.
Pizza is the kind of food that fits into today's life style.
This place is surrounded by hills.
This is secret between you and me.
Don't worry, everything will be OK.
She is a singer without equal.
Let's leave.
She is better at speaking English than any of her classmates.
He has a basket full of strawberries.
I want to go and change into that shirt I bought yesterday.
She maintains that her analysis is correct.
Elephants are several times the size of mice.
Tom said that Mary hit him.
The garden was filled with flowers.
They are homosexual.
I still want to receive more.
I hate lima beans.
Is that your boss by the window?
Which season do you like the best?
Ladies and gentlemen, due to an accident at the airport, our arrival will be delayed.
You need not do it at once.
Cows have horns.
That looks like blood.
She got really sad because of what he said.
This is too expensive.
Computers are certainly playing an important role in our life, whether we like it or not.
Anniversaries are important.
As far as the eye could see, nothing could be seen except cornfields.
I found a beautiful shell on the shore.
I have a lot of homework to do.
Is your headache gone?
Where are the boys?
I know what Tom and Mary need to buy.
I don't think that Tom knows that he's going to be fired.
She died at the age of 54.
I hope we find Tom.
It's a tiny country that most people have never heard of.
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.
He's opposed to racial discrimination.
May they live long!
What do you want to tell me?
Tom can't tie a tie.
Are you coming next week?
That restaurant's too expensive.
I met an old friend of mine the other day.
"But tell us, just what did you kill him for?" "For love."
Let's eat while the food is warm.
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.
I put it in the drawer.
Learning English well is not difficult.
She ironed her shirt.
What does he want to do?
To keep early hours makes you healthy.
On weekends I got up later than usual.
Ann came downstairs.
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.
Overcome weakness.
I am staying at the hotel for the time being.
We just moved in.
It may rain tomorrow.
Did Tom go to the park with Mary?
He's definitely no gentleman.
Each day our life becomes more comfortable and more automated.
All her hopes have vanished.
The Titanic's maiden voyage didn't go so well.
The bird flew away and was lost to sight.
It took me eight days to find a name.
Our boss begrudged us even a small raise in pay.
John is good at chess.
Don't scatter your things about.
She never mentioned she had a sister.
I haven't used Anki for a week, and now I'm behind by 500 cards.
Let me know beforehand instead of catching me on the hop at the last minute.
Over my dead body.
Tom bought a house for Mary.
They are talking with each other.
I have to go to the dentist this afternoon.
That woman isn't fat, she is going to have a baby.
Did Tom say who?
He came back.
Do you like San Francisco?
I'll give you anything you want.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
There still remains much to be done.
It makes little difference to me whether you believe it or not.
She has a view that is different from mine.
A massive earthquake of magnitude 8.8 hit the Japanese islands today.
I think that's not true.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to do that.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
She is a journalist.
Today's paper contains nothing of importance.
I cannot understand my school mate's Cantonese.
We arrived at the office on time.
Thank you, Jesus.
They would have been killed if the car had gone over the cliff.
I really hope they can live happily ever after as husband and wife.
Sorry.
Did you ever see that movie?
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.
People like Tom are rare.
I would rather that you never returned than know that you wanted to leave.
He extended his right arm.
The students all laughed.
Don't be so naive!
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
Christmas is just around the corner.
Which company does he work in?
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.
Their wish is engraved on the base of the statue.
I met an old woman.
Your nose is bleeding.
It's much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
This fish isn't fit to eat.
Food you eat that you don't like will not be digested well.
She failed the examination and I was greatly disappointed.
He left his son a large fortune.
This knife doesn't cut well.
I will gladly help you.
I'm hot.
It’s not worth remembering.
She picked up beautiful stones.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
It was not until Lucy left me that I realized how much I loved her.
It is such a nice thing to say that I felt the need to say it.
I can't believe you're serious.
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.
I need to go to bed.
There's a reason the rumor exploded.
In today's world, the hardest thing for a man to be... is himself.
I'm grateful for what Tom did.
Here, catch!
Graham Greene is my favorite writer.
Let's just pray it never happens again.
Returning home from an evening down the pub with his mates, Tom found a handwritten note stuck to the front door; the handwriting was his wife's. It read: "You can forget any idea that I might come back – I've left you!"
I haven't exercised in a long time.
Could you lend me your bicycle for a couple of days?
We went all out to get the job done.
Where do you play tennis?
Tom wrote Mary a long letter, but he didn't send it to her.
I'm out of time.
I want him to do it alone.
You really are tall, aren't you?
What did Tom expect Mary to do?
You're a beautiful woman.
When do you want to go?
I'm afraid the job I've got for you won't be easy.
This swallow's wings are broken.
I want to go to Hawaii.
What time do you usually turn in?
You'd better stop smoking.
Samuel helps anyone that asks him.
We should sometimes expose our bodies to the sun.
How about dining out tonight?
She pretended she didn't hear what he was saying.
Production of rice has decreased.
Spring has begun.
She didn't need to do that work.
Calm down.
Where does he live?
Better to ask the way than go astray.
Can you speak Russian?
How handsome!
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
What am I drinking?
I love her.
Thank you with all my heart.
The driver does not have responsibility for the traffic accident.
It's difficult to keep secrets.
About how long will it take?
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
Take care not to fail.
A true scientist would not approach the question this way.
Students must keep silent during class.
In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
Is it OK if I go out with Tom?
Mathematics is his strongest subject.
When the big earthquake occurred, I was just ten.
At last, the truth became known to us.
Has he already finished his homework?
Tom gave us a lot of food.
I get a kick out of life.
The company provides them with uniforms.
Stop gambling.
Speak more slowly, please.
The fire alarm rang.
In the center of the university campus stands the statue of the founder.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
Give me your phone number.
Sometimes I walk to work, and sometimes I ride my bike, because I live very close to work.
He's never been to America.
Read it once more, please.
I want to know where she went.
They are high school students.
Why, if man must perish, is he born?
Do you want to go too?
Are you really from here?
He is rotten to the core.
Don't start without me.
Which shoes are you going to put on?
They broke into the jewelry shop.
I need to charge my mobile.
I do not feel like sleeping every night.
How can I update this software?
She has a gift for prophecy.
I am also here.
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.
Do you know a good dentist?
She gives us a washing machine.
Here we are!
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
No one has forgotten to do the homework, right?
I heard nothing about that.
The baby isn't crying anymore.
She never wears green.
He likes me! - The cook's hen said.
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
He demanded that I should pay the money at once.
His political career has ended.
He often takes a defiant attitude toward us.
I ate black sesame ice cream.
Please continue with your story.
I love to make people laugh.
My mom and I are completely different.
She's still single.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He and his wife tried to work out their problems, but couldn't.
What time does your plane leave?
Talking bad about mother again, eh?
I've got a few friends.
He concentrated on his studies.
I am short of money for my trip.
He has an interest in collecting insects.
Would you please wait for a few minutes?
I don't have a TV at home.
Bill was late for school as usual.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
A change of air will do you a lot of good.
A dog followed me to my school.
There are many parks in London.
Yumi speaks English very well.
Our team lost all its games.
She is writing a letter now.
I'm running out of ideas.
Tom had numerous girlfriends.
I would swim through the ocean just to see your smile again.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
My horse is white.
Are these your gloves?
Have you ever donated blood?
A large quantity of air-conditioners has been sold since the temperature is high.
Accidents happen.
He didn't even apologize to her.
The cow miscarried.
I always knew I was born to do this work.
Some people do not like to deposit their money in banks.
This knife is very sharp.
Stay out of my kitchen.
Tom was the only guy in the class.
How did you come here?
Tom goes to a state school.
Why not? I'd be happy to.
"I work in Boston." "I work in Boston, too."
Effort is essential to studying.
I'm a high school student.
Could you move the chair a bit?
You don't have to go there.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
Let's have a short break.
Everyone except Tom ate pizza.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
It's your decision.
I'm eating french fries.
I'm an optimist by nature.
He painted a picture of roses.
We are expecting an addition to our family.
Tom goes to school on foot.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
An eight-year-old car is almost worthless.
He has made the baseball team.
Are you in the square?
Sami has a huge camel.
He passed on yesterday.
By the way, I've got to tell you something.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
I love to eat Sukiyaki most of all!
The word is of great use to me.
Do you want to go out?
It will be spring soon.
I have some acquaintance with chemistry.
Why did you go to Tokyo?
Where is the police station?
I was tired today so I went to bed early.
We're waiting for the right time.
The principal wants to talk to you.
You'll soon get used to Japanese food.
The thief entered the house at the back door by the open window.
Come to my house whenever you like.
I got scolded severely by that teacher.
He went to Nagoya on business.
I know that feeling.
The ink is almost empty.
I have written a letter.
I am very pleased to meet them.
Get serious.
I owed him a thousand dollars.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn't help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
I didn't tell Tom what needed to be done.
That's why no one wants to work with you.
His condition got worse every day.
Where there's good, there's also bad.
I am watching television.
She rarely goes out on Sundays.
What time did he say he'd come?
Alexandre often goes to the supermarket.
We are not going on vacation.
That shouldn't be hard for you.
I am tired of my work.
It's my fault, not yours.
You were eavesdropping.
Deep down, everyone is rich and beautiful, but we don't know how to express it!
I got tired with the work.
I had a dream about him.
Tom says they need more time.
London was bombed several times.
Wow, what are you doing?
I don't believe such things exist.
We just need to stay calm.
I was really confused.
We are a family of four.
West Frisian, Saterland Frisian and North Frisian are Frisian languages.
Don't you like baseball?
Magnetic fields are invisible.
As is often the case with young people, he was indifferent to money.
This world is just an insane asylum.
He is absent from school today.
I can't drink alcohol.
He has already used up all of his money.
This is the only way in.
I've just eaten lunch.
I'm secretly in love with her.
Just now I was chatting with my parents.
The cheese is not yellow.
Take off your socks.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough. Household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
He is a Japanese businessman, but he lives in Finland.
The leaves of the trees have turned red.
How much does it cost to send a postcard to Australia?
I was surprised and became sad.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Tom was there this morning.
She said that she had to be back before dawn.
I love this man.
Tom spends most of his spare time practising the guitar.
We often watch TV while we're eating breakfast.
What is written on the road sign? - ONE WAY.
He played tennis all day long.
I get up at six every day.
What're you laughing at?
Is there any coffee in the kitchen?
One is new, the other is old.
A loaf of bread is better than the songs of birds.
Why aren't you going to school?
Hello. Is Mr Freeman there?
Throughout the five years of painful cancer treatments, he managed to keep a stiff upper lip.
They made him the chairman of a club.
He persisted in his work until he succeeded.
I hear Robert is sick.
I saw a fly on the ceiling.
I wish I had a lot of money.
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't.
Ziri was thinking.
On the seventh floor, you can find four luxury restaurants.
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
I know that Tom is a terrible dancer.
Tom will probably never be late again.
There was a full moon last night.
She wore a white dress.
They can't stop him.
You won't solve this kind of problem by talking about it; you have to take action.
I got these old coins from her.
You are lying.
I'll see you next week.
The population of the city is about 100,000.
He puts a lot of thought into how he thinks.
He drunk wine, so he is slightly drunk.
What did you do with my glasses?
Why do you want to die?
Sami doesn't like that.
I was glad to hear of your success.
You'd better tell us what's going on.
The sign says "Exit."
Disregarding the "No Entry" sign, she pushed open the door and walked inside.
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
It's not possible for humans to live forever.
Are you going by train or by car?
Have you ever been to Mexico?
They advanced to the quarter-finals.
I live on the outskirts of Tokyo.
I can't lie to you.
He is capable of robbery.
Let's discuss it.
That's Mary's husband.
Sue and John decided to get married.
I'm really hungry!
It rained all day yesterday.
I know that Tom is a teacher here.
The medicine didn't do me any good.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
The soldiers are ready for battle.
As far as I know, he is innocent.
I don't know how to put it in Japanese.
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.
"Let's play tennis." "Yes let's."
Who saw the funeral today?
I heard the children's happy voices.
Tom got here before sunrise.
There's no way my friend bought that thing!
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest. Now it's just the opposite.
Therefore, other people's ways of thinking might not be suited to you.
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.
That smells bad.
Your father is a gorilla.
I don't need anybody.
Tom came on Monday and went back home the next day.
Her nose is bleeding.
How do you plan to achieve the goals you set?
I wrote this book.
The French are staying in the hotel just over there.
I work best under pressure.
What did you do with that money?
This is a great day.
"You're taking me for an idiot!" "Taking you for an idiot? Oh, no! I'd never!"
It wasn't an easy race.
You'd better return home at once.
Raspberries are very expensive.
He can read well enough.
Are you dead?
I am allergic to kiwi.
They had a culture of their own.
He likes not only baseball but football as well.
If the bees do not work, the flowers will not bear fruit.
The Polish language is involved.
Wear whatever you want to wear.
A man suddenly appeared in the doorway.
War is not inevitable.
Stop talking loudly.
Keep your eyes wide open!
I'd like an orange juice.
Your handwriting is really good!
I'll look after you.
Mike has been making a model plane since breakfast.
I need your assistance.
For a moment I forgot what her name was.
I've never cut their hair.
My daughter sleeps eight hours a day.
Get off my lawn.
Nothing is achieved without effort.
As soon as it gets dark, the fireworks will start.
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.
Who is the man playing the violin?
Everyone was busy.
I'm not used to hard work.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
Will you be able to sleep with all that caffeine you've just had?
She finished ironing the clothes a few minutes ago.
He made the best of the time left.
What're you up to?
When we learn languages, we learn fixed expressions.
I play the piano after dinner.
Fasten your seat belt, please.
There's around 6 billion people in the world.
Please show me the menu.
Are you available tonight?
She is going on the 25th.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
Do you know whether or not it will rain tomorrow?
Don't trust anyone here!
I'm not so sure Tom is right.
John inherited a large fortune.
I am going to shoot!
We're not looking.
My aunt grows tomatoes in her garden.
I'm very hungry now.
He's lacking in self-confidence.
Why are you learning Esperanto?
My wallet's gone.
This book belongs to the library.
What were you just talking about?
I would take it as a sign.
Tom's ordeal was far from over.
We want to go to the hotel.
The leaves fall in autumn.
It's a very delicate question.
She's doodling again.
We sat in total silence.
I wonder if Tom likes me.
The prices of raw materials such as oil or coal continue to rise.
Life without love has no meaning.
They give good service at that restaurant.
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
Sorry, I don't understand.
Call me if you find him.
Without a wife, a man is worth nothing.
I knew what Tom was doing.
I grew up in this small town.
He had an infection in his belly button.
Can I have a dance with you?
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?
We adopted a child.
Can I use your dictionary for a minute?
It was not until three days after that I knew she had disappeared.
She put on her hat to go out.
I like watching baseball games.
Jack was born on August tenth.
My child dislikes the dentist.
We could walk there together.
I shouldn't have told you anything.
He started learning English at the age of eleven.
They attempted to assassinate the president.
I like to walk in the country.
The police will soon arrive on the scene.
Tom fell asleep sitting up in the chair.
I hope you have a good trip.
I'll treat you to sushi.
Only then did he realize he had been deceived.
I'm saving up to buy a new car.
Whatever results may follow, I will carry out my plan.
Every now and then I like to have hot and spicy food.
I have a friend whose father is a famous novelist.
Don't let the dog in.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
How many languages do you know?
Coal is not always black.
You seem to be prejudiced against ideas that come from foreign countries.
This is a really kind wish.
This class consists of 15 boys and 28 girls.
Put your hands up.
Spring is over, and summer has begun.
How much time is left?
My uncle gave me a camera.
Hiding from the police, Dima spent the night in a dumpster.
You might want to discuss it with Tom.
I met an American who was interested in Noh plays.
There is no knowing what he will do next.
It seems less crowded during the week.
He was in good spirits.
The pain has started to ease now.
I see her sweeping the room.
He looks suspicious.
If possible, I'd like to go home now.
Michael, this is the restaurant where your father and I had our first date.
The boy reading a book is John.
She has about 2,000 books.
She is hardly ever late for appointments.
It's a pity you can't come.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
She was often late for school.
Your face looks pale. Are you OK? Maybe it would be better if you went to the hospital, don't you think?
The focus of the discussion was unemployment.
How many cows are there in the village?
Tom is grinning.
It so happened that they were not there.
How many flights to New York do you offer a day?
He has nothing in him.
The Devil made me do it.
No, I'm English.
Swallow!
Don't get angry at me!
"Is that Tom calling again?" "Yes. He calls every evening these days. I shouldn't have given him my number."
I arrived at Narita Airport this morning.
You can use this phone.
Has anyone translated the Chinese sentences that I added?
It is good to be a winner.
After my work mate quit his job he moved to Shanghai to teach English.
You really shouldn't use pirated software.
How about a sandwich?
If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
Do you think that was fair?
I took off my hat and entered the church.
Ray was willing to corroborate Gary's story, but the police were still unconvinced that either of them were telling the truth.
The kilt is not a skirt.
Their eyes met.
Tom'll come.
Tom isn't a great player.
I'm tracking a buck.
He likes anything sweet.
The accident's only survivor was a baby.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.
Dad bought a book for me.
Who do you usually go to the movies with?
The name rang a bell in me.
I would like to talk with you again.
Hand in a bibliography of your sources.
It doesn't matter whether your beard has grown for four years or seven. When the barber shaves it he'll use that same blade.
Layla will survive.
The apple fell from the tree.
True art of life is to see the extraordinary amongst the ordinary.
He was my pupil. Now he teaches my children.
Let him say what he wants.
Can I use my medical insurance?
A burglar broke into the shop yesterday.
The castle is across the river.
Would you close the window?
You should think of their religions.
The interviewer identifies his interviewees.
The car is black.
We will never forget your kindness.
Smoking is not permitted here.
You don't have to go to the party unless you want to.
There's no sugar.
I log into Tatoeba weekly.
It looks like Tom is interested.
The hammer and sickle symbolizes communism.
He told me everything.
The fountain is over there.
I was born in 1977 in Osaka.
Let me try.
My uncle has been to Finland.
The shooting victim is alive, but just barely.
I think that our team is going to continue to get better.
What do you want?
I'm getting married next Sunday.
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?
There's a hole in this bucket.
Something is stuck in the pipe.
Warn him.
I feel like everybody's watching me.
She showed me her room.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Every door in the house is locked.
I told her what to do.
I can't change what happened yesterday.
I fell in love with you.
Xiaoding and Xueyou are sitting there listening to Teacher Wang talk.
She is a famous singer.
Excuse me, how much is this sweater?
I have no place to sleep tonight.
There are many stores in this area.
I know a man who can speak Russian well.
I can't blame Tom for not waiting.
I believe in God.
Tom said that he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
I think it's OK.
The king is naked!
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
I respect her selflessness.
I want you to sleep on it.
I cannot help wondering if he will come on time.
You should work hard.
She is absent.
I did something really stupid.
Tom thanked Mary for coming.
Are you there?
He is a Japanese boy.
Bill signed up for the exam.
Hands up! This is a robbery.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
It is up to you.
She seldom goes to that sort of place.
My brother likes horror movies.
I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
This apple is very red.
That house belongs to him.
I'll bring you the bill immediately.
This is the only camera I've got.
The rain is beating against the windows.
I plan to stay in the city.
The exact time is three now.
He's very sexy.
The moon was above the horizon.
It's lucky that his parents are so equable.
Set me free!
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
I promised.
I watch television.
It was my fault.
It seems that Tom is lying.
All of them are not present.
All you need to know is explained in this book.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Every sentence in this book is important.
My television was broken down, so I had to get it repaired.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.
This person is your slave, right?
Fruits and vegetables are essential to a balanced diet.
The scientist is working on atomic energy.
How I wished I could drive a car!
This seat is free.
I think I understood everything Tom said, but I'm not absolutely sure.
Does objective history exist?
It is impossible to live without water.
I don't like being treated like a child.
Do girls also masturbate?
Close the window.
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
Children are to be deceived with comfits and men with oaths.
Do I look rich?
Did you take the clothes out of the washing machine?
Tom speaks without an accent.
I wish he would write more often.
The flavors of this brand's mouthwash are weird.
Seeing that, he stood up.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
We were nearly frozen to death.
My parents' generation went through the war.
The Earth is smoother than a billiard ball.
He bought an English book at a bookstore.
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.
I try not to laugh at my own jokes, but we all know I'm hilarious.
What does aspirin consist of?
Fruits tend to rot quickly.
This orange is delicious.
When does it start?
I looked around, but saw nobody.
The leaves of the trees in the garden have turned completely red.
Your English is improving.
The teacher gave us homework.
Is there anything I can do for you?
What's his job?
I just want to hug you.
After I got married, my Japanese got better and I could understand more.
Tom was never happy.
Leave now.
The plane is landing in Tan Son Nhat airport.
Tom didn't seem that happy.
I deleted the app.
I'm learning English.
Green suits you.
Do you study English?
I heard someone come in.
Will I be the only one going to the party?
Would you care for something to drink?
There is no admission fee for children under five.
Does Tom work in the kitchen?
Do you really want it?
I go to bed at ten.
Don't get me started.
Where's the closest pharmacy?
He confessed to the murder.
A small road ran across the bridge, through the fields, and over a hill.
Take a look at these tires.
Did you have to get up very early this morning?
You should talk to the teacher yourself.
Excuse me, what are you doing?
Tom can't go home until after 2:30.
She painted the walls white.
I'm ready.
The flight was cancelled.
He left his umbrella on the bus.
Before long, she came into my room.
I feel very lonely these days.
The cadres inspected our school.
It isn't at all easy.
JavaScript is a programming language.
The server was down.
I have never heard him speak ill of others.
Do you go to the movies often?
I don't like going out to have fun. Usually, I make my own coffee at home, and have a game of chess with a friend.
Is that your room?
I cannot make noise. The baby is sleeping.
We're almost like brothers.
They get on well together.
Maybe that's what I'll do.
I was very moved by her kindness.
A typhoon is approaching Japan.
John is as old as my brother.
They said humanity needs to rebuild the Tower of Babel, I have no comment on this.
This will be a good souvenir of my trip around the United States.
We are going to leave tomorrow.
I would like to hire a car.
Walk faster, or you'll miss the train.
If you were gone, I'd die.
I'm leaving tonight.
I don't like that guy.
I want you to work harder.
I live in my uncle's house.
Oh, it's snowing!
How many hanzi are there?
Tom thanked everyone for waiting.
To be honest, I don't like you at all.
Do you mind if I smoke?
Prey does not wait for the hunter.
Fiona's letters gradually came less and less.
I would be glad to do that for you.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
Tom refused to pay the bill.
Mary used to play with dolls.
I will find you your lost ring.
She went secretly.
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.
Someone! Catch that man!
Thank you, Tom.
On entering a dark tunnel, we could see nothing.
I still remember the first time I was in China; I was in Shandong, and I realised that that province alone is twenty six thousand square kilometres bigger than England.
Don't let her go out after dark.
I can call Tom if you want.
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
What will you have?
Not a day passes without traffic accidents.
Today is the twenty-third of November twenty-sixteen.
Perception is reality.
At first the forensics team thought that they'd discovered human blood, only to find out later, at the lab, that it was bovine.
I have trouble putting up with his rude manner.
Read it once more.
Put the book on the top shelf.
Do you know where Tom lives?
He has the opportunity to pass the exam.
No sooner had Tom turned on the TV than the fuse blew.
The next concert will take place in June.
He walked to and fro in front of the door, hesitating from entering.
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons.
They go to church on Sunday.
Right at that instant, the bus stopped.
I won!
The glass is full of milk.
We may combine your personal information with other information.
I went to Boston last year.
Oh! I'm not deluding myself!
That's soft.
He has a good command of English.
All agree with you.
Excessive use of the Internet is not a medical or psychiatric issue.
No one wants to play chess with me.
After several delays, the plane finally left.
I have had it.
It's a whole new ball game for me.
She is my mother-in-law.
He has made the same mistake twice.
Get rid of her.
There's no salt left.
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.
Which house did you live in?
We'll wait and see what happens.
My father often goes to the United States on business.
Have you got a car?
This scarf feels soft and smooth.
You and I are the same age.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
They named their baby Jane.
He gave her a peck on the cheek.
If I buy more, can I get them cheaper?
The accident took place near his home.
The main question is how does Tom feel.
When you go to play at a friend's house, you need to be well behaved and obedient.
I seldom go to the movies.
How long have you known Jack?
I can't let you go to Boston.
Tom often sings in his car.
Three out of four Americans believe in the existence of paranormal phenomena.
I think we had better wait another thirty minutes.
The clan system is a key component of traditional Chinese culture.
Tom can't drive a car yet.
I'll see you next month.
Such manuals should be written in simpler language.
What he says makes no sense at all.
I go to the church on Sundays.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
Because of his score of zero, he didn't dare to return.
Tom fell asleep almost as soon as the movie started.
The man is eating bread.
I cannot write traditional characters, but I am fine reading them.
I think this news should be noticed by everyone.
On the 25th, the Chinese government issued a white paper entitled "The Diaoyu Islands are China's Inherent Territory".
I am tired of my monotonous life.
Great weather, isn't it?
Perhaps Tom is too old to do this kind of thing.
I feel like I have been here before.
I'll attend the meeting.
He may come and see us tonight.
Have you read my report?
We eat a meal three times a day.
She always cries when he is drunk.
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
It's hard to catch a rabbit with your bare hands.
The building will be completed in a year.
I couldn't get to sleep.
My father is a skilled fisherman.
You may come whenever you like.
I don't take drugs.
Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs.
Our math teacher drew a circle on the blackboard.
I must decline.
Please don't get up.
You understand German, right?
The first subject that attracted my attention was philosophy.
It's been ten years since we last met.
Tom ran and ran, until at last he saw the telephone booth.
I'm thirty years old.
The others can't be bothered.
Why do you even care about this?
I can't go.
Everyone chose him to speak at the conference.
His cell phone is turned off now.
I asked twenty friends to the party.
Please lower the volume of the music!
When will you get ready to leave?
"Tom, say that you love me." "Wh-, what?" "Say that you love me." "Why?" "Just do it." "....I love you." "Thanks." "What was that all about?" "Nothing. Don't worry about it."
Would you like some more cake?
I went to elementary school in Nagoya.
That boy has good brains.
What'll you give Tom?
Let's eat a watermelon!
He can run as fast as I can.
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
My hand was burned.
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
To him, hunger was an abstract concept; he always had enough to eat.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
Nobody cares what I think.
We ran out of money.
You are in luck.
Once he got the news of his daughter-in-law's death, he totally freaked out.
His dream is to become an aerospace engineer.
Tom never takes the elevator.
Who's on diet?
He is particularly kind to her.
Take your time. There's no hurry.
I cannot buy this book. It's too expensive.
She has tried to correct the child’s habit of telling lies.
We tried to compromise with them.
They are very big apples.
Do you ever study in the library?
Getting started was difficult.
I thought that was a great story.
Chinese characters are difficult to read.
I have two daughters and two sons.
Thousands of candles illuminated the church during the ceremony.
Finish your homework faster, so that we can play video games.
Tom cooked.
I'm three inches taller than you.
He always dresses very casually, and doesn't care about color or style.
He likes both music and sports.
I hope no one saw me dancing.
I have a few friends who speak French well.
The students didn't understand the teacher's explanation.
I wanted Tom to go to Australia with me.
I'm ready to die.
She's not South Korean.
Is your mother at home now?
He sat there looking out the window.
I once lived in Rome.
When someone's upset, it's best to stay quiet.
I have life insurance.
You dropped your pencil.
Christmas is December 25th.
I have to hide.
You came out of the room.
Please bring your own food.
The police is searching for an escaped prisoner.
She painted the door red.
He had his shirt on inside out.
The mountain is not as high as Mt. Fuji.
Am I overreacting?
The novel takes its title from the Bible.
I'll go to Boston next week.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
What exactly does Tom do?
She was my first girlfriend.
Every male Algerian citizen must do military service.
We don't have any sugar.
I always eat before going to school.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
His heart stopped beating and he died immediately.
The shower doesn't work.
He is acquainted with the mayor.
Help yourself and God will help you.
My room is three times as large as yours.
I love video games.
You'll never be able to revive someone who is only pretending to be dead.
We must work hard to complete the project.
There's a movie theatre on the east side of the plaza, about ten minutes walk from here.
I don't think he is truthful.
We can't stay in here very long.
Children love playing on the beach.
Tom suddenly looked concerned.
He finally got his wish.
But, I don't eat even a little bit of meat.
That's wrong.
I feel lethargic.
You guys having fun?
I miss you constantly.
May I have something hot to drink?
Sociopaths rarely display remorse or feelings of guilt for their crimes.
Drawing is a lot of fun; it helps me to relax.
Correct me if I am wrong.
Are we going to lose?
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe.
How long have your cheeks been swollen?
I want to learn French.
James had a great fear of making mistakes in class and being reprimanded.
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
I'm eating lunch.
I almost died laughing!
With this, today's activities come to a close.
I know Tom is a coach.
Tom adores Mary.
This desk takes up too much room.
Let's speak in English.
It wasn't until after visiting Australia that I realized Japan was so small.
I'm a lefty.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
The food is cold.
It is for certain, he is the expert in this field.
I have a friend who lives in England.
The weather was very bad yesterday.
Juvenile crimes have been increasing recently.
You have two balls.
The doctor tried every possible means to save his patient.
Sooner or later his luck will run out.
Tom works as an elephant trainer in a circus.
We hear with our ears.
I'm his friend.
Lucy is certain to come.
I can't find my shoes.
We talked in a low voice so as not to be heard.
I'm not sure when he'll come.
He cannot be trusted.
He is always losing his umbrella.
I am very busy.
She makes all her own clothes.
You work too hard these days. Aren't you tired?
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.
I didn't sleep a wink last night.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
Six hundred dollars a month, with a day rest every week. That works for you?
Tom was hiding something.
This is a true story.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in learning how to drive.
I'm not likely to kiss Tom.
"Will you be at my party tomorrow night?" "I'll try to be there."
Only six people came to the party.
I've always kept my word.
All of us would like to get rid of nuclear weapons.
Tom is late as usual.
Good people can be found anywhere.
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
This exercise is good for the lower back.
There are many more vowels in French than in Japanese.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
I was in the hospital for a week.
No need to tell him. He knows.
You know where the problem lies.
It's really cold today, wear some extra clothing.
I’ll go ask him if he can speak Japanese.
Tom took this photo.
You need protection.
Will you lend me your bicycle?
Sally met Harry at the station.
It still hasn't rained.
Choose the color you like the best.
Tom has a plan.
I'll go back home with you.
There's only one bath towel in our bathroom.
We fixed that pretty quickly.
My life is hollow without him.
Is Mother scolding the horse?
The weather forecast is not reliable at all.
Last night my house was robbed while I was still awake.
I only slept for three hours.
It's almost twelve o'clock.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
The police will put you behind bars.
I just opened the lid, and a foul smell filled my nose.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
What do you think I was doing?
Tom does not want to run any risks.
Please excuse me for being rude.
That boy over there is probably Tom's brother.
Naoko is a swimmer.
We had a lot of rain yesterday.
I feel that I'm a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me, that I'm better off dead, because that way I wouldn't hurt anyone. However, on the other hand, I want to keep living and show everyone that I'm strong.
He speaks English well.
Do you usually have tea for breakfast?
I will fight for my people.
The shock of her father's death lingered on and she didn't feel like going out at all.
My grandfather gets up early.
Do you know accounting?
We did not expect him to finish the task in so short a time.
Tom, have you eaten anything?
By the way, are you free tonight?
I eventually got used to it.
He boasted of having won the first prize.
I will do my best.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach him French.
Ten to one they'll miss the train.
The weather yesterday was horrible.
I was at a loss as to what to say.
What have you come here for?
She solved the problem with ease.
She has a little bread.
What's wrong with your dog?
I am thinking of going abroad.
You are dead.
Arrogance leads to a person's downfall.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
You'll bounce back.
Do you think there are aliens?
The button came off.
He obviously lied.
The truth finally came out at his trial.
No love is foul nor prison fair.
This seems very difficult!
Trust me, I'm an engineer!
There weren't any roses in the garden.
He's got pneumonia. No wonder he is coughing nonstop.
Why aren't you eating?
You'd better go to bed at once.
I watch television in the evening.
It's eleven and he's not coming.
Roll the ball to me.
We watched the children play.
Do we have enough chairs?
Extreme cold covered Europe.
He carried off the first prize at the chess tournament.
They always skip school.
Few people think so.
They were rescued by helicopter.
I don't know why you're here.
We headed for the mountain cottage.
There's a possibility that you'll have to do that.
Chop chop!
I've been studying in China for ten months.
This is too expensive!
I'd like the sauce on the side.
I'm not cold, thanks.
This cake has a cheesy taste.
They were for the most part young people.
They are talking.
You're only young once.
He accomplished his mission.
Today is Tuesday.
I have no money.
How would you explain these words?
She's concerned about your safety.
I'll teach you Spanish if you teach me Japanese.
Subtract three from eight and you get five.
There is no smoke without fire.
May I have a look at your ticket?
I don't dare to kill animals.
That's a lot of cash.
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.
She always dresses in black.
He does not come here every day.
Do you know how to do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to help us today.
I want to have some sweets.
Did you know that this is a sentence?
I'm going to get rid of all this stuff.
She buried her only son.
I will stand by you whatever happens.
He did his best to help her.
He was playing tennis all day.
I am delighted to have met you today.
My eyes are tired.
I'm annoyed by their impudence.
I don't have the address now.
Let's order two bottles.
Tom and Mary have been here for three hours.
I live in Tehran.
Would 8:30 be convenient for you?
My hobby is making model planes.
Or do you have to take the bus?
That is 30 metres long.
This will be the last time you're deceived.
She had the courage to go and inquire about the results of the exam.
I have to go to a meeting now.
Will you please hold this edge?
I remember having seen you somewhere before.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
Is laughter a quality of man only?
He wants to go to the United States.
I love my motherland.
I feel like I am being forced to help her.
I like my coffee without sugar.
It is possible that he will come to our party.
There is very little water in your coffee.
I've quit smoking and drinking.
They'll be jealous.
Who's the greatest composer of all time?
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
I want to take part.
Tom went there to learn French.
They gave him up for lost.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
She is an obstinate girl.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
Tom asks his mother if she can but him a new toy.
Don't walk alone after dark.
I know it's not true.
Kyouichi Saionji, who he supposed would win the duel, has lost.
What stop is this?
Why do you want to leave today?
Don't tell my boyfriend.
It'll clear up soon.
It's not hot today, it's cold.
The compass points to the north.
What he said embarrassed me.
Everybody plays the game of love.
He is the richest man in town.
Tom hasn't forgiven anybody.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
I usually work from 9 AM to 5 PM, but today I worked until 10 PM.
That was ages ago.
Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
At last it's stopped raining.
That is the man I see every day on the train.
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
He asked me if I know her phone number.
He went to the United States to study medicine.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
Have you ever seen a koala?
I've met him only once so far.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
Chinese coastal cities are generally more developed than the inland ones.
Let's talk about what you did in Boston.
Sami was extremely rude and condescending to Layla.
The shopping center is one mile ahead.
It was yesterday that she went.
There's nothing good on television now.
There's not much traffic on this road.
I haven't eaten lunch yet.
I am studying Japanese.
Grr! I'm itchy all over, and it's driving me crazy.
Tom should hear about this.
You killed my father, and today I'll have my vengeance.
Between you and me, he cannot be relied upon.
When I heard the news, I cried.
I gave my sister a dictionary.
How to prepare black porgy: It's tastiest as sashimi.
This drink is on the house.
I am encouraging my brother.
Leave no stone unturned.
He's a philanderer.
I buy tapes.
I am leaving at four.
Even crooked tree gives shade.
It tastes really good.
It was once very peaceful there, but now you'll sometimes hear the sound of passing vehicles.
I'm a citizen of the world.
These shoes are too big for me.
The back seat of the car will hold three passengers.
His mother is American.
Are you afraid of death?
Is Bob right?
He was severe with his children.
I ate caviar.
Do you have one?
It's a long queue so you must take a number.
The picture is nice.
You make me happy.
I'll tell him the next time I talk to him.
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.
Not all aliens are bad.
Look, it's my problem.
She continued that you should keep your promise.
He wants justice.
I can recommend this restaurant.
He has a good reputation.
What are you learning at school?
You can't park on this street.
I couldn't agree with you more.
You don't want to listen to me at all.
I hid in the tall grass.
What is your job?
The keys are on the table.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
Knowing and doing are two different things.
I ran as fast as I was able to.
It's cold there even in the summer.
The results of the research were quite satisfactory.
This is my question.
What kind of hair style would you like?
I want to go to the barber.
I used to ride my bike at weekends.
My aunt made a new skirt for me.
Whose pizza is this?
We are not her relatives.
I am not a student.
This is the best dictionary that I have.
I hear you're very talented.
That thought crossed my mind.
She cried bitterly.
As I returned from school yesterday, I was caught in a sudden shower.
My wife wants me to do away with this nice old hat.
I'm not ready yet.
It would take me too much time to explain to you why it's not going to work.
She was very beautiful in her youth.
Tom is Mary's best friend.
I really didn't even notice.
Wearing second-hand clothes is now popular among young people.
I'm just looking around.
Tom is really special.
I hope I won't still be ill next week.
I'm making a last minute effort.
Can you sing this song?
What exactly happened to you?
You don't have to work on Sundays.
You don't need to worry about such a thing.
Without the sun, life is impossible.
Tom went to a nearby restaurant to have lunch.
Why did you hit me?
I think Tom didn't do that.
Tom is in my office right now.
Welcome to San Francisco.
Tom isn't done yet.
She has already lived in that town for five years.
The car he's driving is not his.
She pressed her nose against the glass.
Rabbits have long ears and short tails.
Tom took off his belt.
You should put safety before everything else.
I need to take a shower.
How shall we deal with this matter?
He is not likely to succeed.
Do you know who invented gunpowder?
A white cloud floats in the blue sky.
What grade is your sister in?
I can't stand it anymore.
My grandmother is very old.
I live in Groningen city.
It is easy to answer this question.
We will have guests tomorrow.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Do you often travel abroad on business?
You're always busy.
Many flights were canceled, owing to the typhoon.
Hello everyone.
Where in Austria did you grow up?
We both know why I'm here.
I have nothing to do with the crime.
Do you feel lucky?
I'm reading a book about animals.
I do not like tea, so I generally drink coffee for breakfast.
You can sit wherever you want to.
We went to New York by plane.
I wasn't very thirsty.
That's very dangerous.
The term "qipao" is widely used in Northern China.
We need to buy a new TV.
Sometimes I still miss her.
I was told to go not by boat but by plane, which advice I followed.
She was almost hit by a car.
I was late for the appointment.
We tried to persuade him.
Linda is one of the contestants in the pageant.
He lives in Madrid.
Animals are not toys!
Does this book belong to you?
It's worth the wait.
The weather is quite pleasantly cool.
I bought five books a month.
I'm not accustomed to speaking in public.
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.
Whose shirt is this?
Hippopotamuses love water.
The letter will arrive in a week or so.
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
Correct the mistakes, if there are any.
I know you're a teacher.
Strange that I'd never realised that before.
That's Greek to me.
They sell sporting goods.
Would you like another cup of tea?
Where have you been?
Jiang Feng's servant hired the "Twelve Zodiacs" to kill him. They ambushed him and his wife Yuenu.
He is to blame for the failure.
That white building is a hospital.
Don't forget who you are.
I can read Spanish easily.
I'm responsible for that.
Tom drinks juice.
Would you like anything to eat?
When I don't have my cell phone, I feel lonely.
They exchanged formal greetings.
He was born in Greece.
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him.
I'm worried about Tom.
You arrived at the moment I left.
Give me a bottle of wine.
Xiao Yu, this is Juan, and I am Juan's friend.
Did you find that on the internet?
We got lost in the woods.
I am not sick.
We're heading back. We'll make sure to take care of what you asked us to do.
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
I'm sure Tom would approve.
Tom is one of the most boring people I've ever met.
Children don't like to go out in the dark.
Now I am free.
They didn't pay me.
Bring me the newspaper, please.
My father retired at the age of 65.
You know too much.
Tom told me that he thought that he was going to die in prison.
I saw him instead of his father.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
It won't change anything.
What I write is my business.
It will also help to strengthen the city's economy.
We went to the races.
Have you finished doing your homework yet?
He was born and raised in Tokyo.
Where's my box of chocolates?
Some are good, some aren't.
He listened to my suggestion.
I'm not biased.
I heard Tom muttering something in French.
My vision is getting worse these days.
He caught twenty butterflies.
Do you believe in the existence of ghosts?
I think we'd better sing that English song!
Albania wants to join the European Union.
A bunch of nonsense!
We should have taken his advice.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
Salesmen are usually fast talkers.
You're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress.
I like tennis.
Mary hugged her doll.
You have to come with me.
You are not a doctor.
I guarantee that this information is correct.
Nick doesn't need to come to my office.
I wouldn't buy anything in this store.
You did well to keep the secret.
Never mind.
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
Her remarks caused dissatisfaction in the public.
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
I know who my enemy is.
The girl resembled her mother.
Switzerland boasts many sights.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Today I'm working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning.
Sami tried some easy magic tricks.
My dog is fast.
I'm playing football now.
He made his way through the crowd.
The cat was scared by an unfamiliar noise.
Tomorrow will be better!
There are some beautiful roses in the vase.
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket.
I have been writing since two o'clock without a break.
Were you out last night?
I've made some coffee for us.
He weighs a lot more than before.
She went to the post office to send the package.
I don't know anything about their relationship.
Can I borrow some money from you?
The Uyghurs' cuisine has all kinds of dishes.
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.
He is poor, to be sure, but he is happy.
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
He lives in the woods all by himself.
If Tom doesn't do what he's supposed to do, please let me know.
Which ones are Tom's?
You've grown up.
I want to go to the movies today.
Why are you alone?
I wish you luck.
It's 50 yen.
Leave me alone.
Can I bring Tom?
I think the same way as you do.
You are not authorized to enter there.
It's ten o'clock sharp.
They eat meat once a week.
I owe him 1,000 dollars.
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
The boy went to bed with his socks on.
She thought that John had loved her.
I must've forgotten.
Please wait a bit.
I've been here for a very long time.
He is a biologist.
The players ran off the pitch and had a meeting during half-time.
We went to the café that I told you about.
Come over to my house.
Tom speaks French a little.
Tom is thinking about applying for a better-paying job.
His son cannot so much as write his own name.
Maybe you should just fire Tom.
I like having breakfast with you.
I was very sober at the time.
The tall woman is beautiful.
The Baha'i Faith is a very cool religion.
Read as much as possible.
The cut is no longer weeping and is starting to heal.
She can play the piano.
No one came.
Many boys are running in the garden.
I've shut all six windows.
I hiccup a lot.
Did Tom reply?
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
It's rather cold today.
They live downstairs.
Five minutes' walk brought us to the park.
I need some good advice.
We need to go after drinking.
Han, Manchu, Mongol, Hui and Tibetan people (as well as other minority groups in China) are kins in one family.
A beard does not make a philosopher.
My father lives in the country.
He did not eat anything yesterday.
In the city, the information is flooding.
A good idea occurred to me.
I'm good at tennis.
He has a lot of hobbies.
Where is the nearest clinic?
In winter I like to eat chocolate.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
What's that building?
He flew a kite with his son.
How did Tom get out of jail?
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
I can do it myself.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
I'm a starved spider.
Tom's parents weren't particularly pleased.
Your manners aren't very good.
My brother is a teacher.
You're such a brat.
Do you like Mozart's music?
Bob got impatient at his wife's delay.
This table is clean.
I'm starving!
We bought a pound of tea.
She told me that she has bought a record.
We have a special connection.
I hate it when my clothes smell of smoke.
That river is long.
The English alphabet has 26 letters.
Do you want a cup of coffee?
Do you believe in spirits?
Why are we so behind on this?
We know that a cat, whose eyes take in much more light than human eyes, can see clearly at night.
Picasso's paintings seem strange to me.
That's no business of yours.
He is flying to Paris tomorrow.
Education begins at home.
Could you possibly suggest a way to solve the problem?
Why don't you go see Tom?
I wish he had attended the meeting.
We will have lunch together at twelve-thirty.
My friends invited me to supper.
He is my father.
Do as you want.
I don't care a rap.
It's very warm today.
Nobody encouraged him.
He lives next door to us.
Where did you see Nancy?
Go home.
There will be a concert next Sunday.
There never was a good war nor a bad peace.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Can you make it?
We love each other.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He saves what he earns.
Tom often says he won't be late, but he always is.
Tom talked away the entire night.
What time are you going to work tomorrow?
Fuck your mom.
Tom got ripped off.
Who wants it?
She smiled.
You can't do two things at once.
It was not long before we met again by chance.
She helped me.
Do you belong to any clubs?
What are your weekend plans?
It is a pity that you cannot come to the party.
Tom says he can prove that Mary did that.
She needn't have paid the money.
Only a few people understood me.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He is sick.
At the time, we were very tired.
She boiled the eggs.
Where do you come from?
Which language is spoken in the United States of America?
When did the accident take place?
Please say it more loudly.
You put away the sheets, and I'll make the bed.
Whether the characters in a book are real or completely imaginary, they can become your friends and companions.
What's more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
It's a pleasure to have you with us again.
You may take either the big box or the small one.
Please take your seat.
Tom will be there for a few days.
I don't want to lose my ideas, even though some of them are a bit extreme.
Mathematics are the foundation of all sciences.
They left there the day before yesterday.
She must answer for her actions.
I'm sure Tom will be optimistic.
The work over, we went home.
That's my favorite part.
Kate got some money from her father.
Money can't buy happiness.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
I'll be back at seven o'clock.
We were both drunk.
Are you able to prove it?
Tom, I want to talk to Mary.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
I'm sure that she will come back soon.
You are sharp.
That man who is looking at you, do you know him?
I just felt like hearing the sound of your voice.
They supplied us with food.
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
Let's have a try.
I may have made a mistake.
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
Mary has already started.
Today may be April Fool's Day, but your prank went overboard. Seriously, I'm pretty angry!
This river is three times longer than that one.
How long did you stay abroad?
What'll actually happen is anyone's guess.
A day full of sunshine and a heart full of wishes...
Now that you're a college student, you should study harder.
I had hardly left home when it began to rain heavily.
Do you like New York?
Excuse me, could you please show me your driving licence?
He may well be fired.
Tom passed away October 20, 2013.
I've spent an entire hour waiting for my friend.
My parents hate Tom.
Stop swearing, please.
Call me when you're ready to go.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
His illness is caused by bad weather.
As soon as Tom sat down, he started eating.
When does it arrive?
Do you like Indian food?
Everyone knows me.
He went back to work with physiotherapists.
He often says that we need to help one another.
Correlation does not imply causation.
In case the shipment is delayed, we have special delay insurance.
A wonderful idea floated to his mind.
Very good, thank you.
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
I would like to have some more water.
If you want to know what beauty is, go out into the wild; there you will find beauty.
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that.
This is so boring.
She was born in Mexico.
His son's criminal activities caused him great pain.
The dictionary is of great use to me.
We can't play tennis.
Failing the examination means waiting for another year.
The grapefruit tastes very sour.
What you said does not make sense.
The manager wants to improve the company's structuring.
I'd like to go with Tom.
In any case, it's too late.
The sun came out.
I decided not to go to Europe.
Tom was afraid to stay in the cave.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Britain.
Figure out a way to let her come.
How about February 28th around 3:00 pm?
I can't lend you any money.
The hair style of the Beatles created a sensation.
He can read in Russian.
Tom is taller than you.
You're so beautiful!
You need to decide what kind of person you want to be.
If I had enough money, I could go abroad.
Eating habits differ from country to country.
I'm sure that was her.
Did you enjoy the party yesterday?
His whole family works on a farm.
If it were not for your help, I could not succeed.
I feel like going out rather than staying at home today.
A glass of wine, please.
I had a very good time today.
That tiny star there is the brightest out of all the stars.
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom?
Where should I put my laundry?
Excuse me, where's the toilet?
I'm a social worker.
My father is an electric engineer.
A good idea came to him.
Please remain seated for a few minutes.
Why are you texting all the time?
Your plan is a good one, but mine is a better one.
Do as he says.
I am supremely glad to hear it.
She made a serious mistake.
The children haven't studied division yet.
That is tofu.
The bus was delayed for ten minutes.
To all appearances, she is healthy.
I exercise for 1 hour every day.
People, old and young, all came out to greet the guests.
His wife gave birth to twin boys.
Thomas was named after his father.
She speaks English better than any of her classmates.
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Wake me up at eight.
We had an earthquake last night.
I go to the country every summer.
With your help, we'll catch Tom.
You must study more.
This is an exception to the rule.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
I speak French and English.
The sky is clear almost every day.
You're wearing short sleeves... aren't you cold?
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
People can begin to love when they choose, but they have no choice when it comes to ending love.
What prevented you from coming yesterday?
Little did they dream of losing the game.
She wept bitterly.
Nobody is perfect.
Why are you two always fighting?
Tom is an extraordinary man.
She is going to have a baby.
Congratulations for your birthday, Muriel!
My parents won't let me go out with boys.
I've visited Kyoto twice.
There is no dog which is bigger than this one.
I used to take a walk every morning.
He feels powerless about his own life.
If you like, I will teach you to play chess.
Is this my life?
I caught a cold last month.
We are brothers.
Hey, what are you guys looking at?
Oghuz languages are part of the Turkic language family.
They're all innocent children.
How can I get to the station?
Say it in Greek!
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
She did everything she could for him.
I like running when it rains.
I had to attend two meetings yesterday, and there was no time to have lunch between.
The story is not in accord with the facts.
Nobody's sitting here.
Tom couldn't help but smile.
I need to charge it.
Oh, really? When did he leave?
She makes a living from writing.
It is sometimes hard to choose between dreams and reality.
I come from Japan.
Tony speaks English as well as you.
We have no reason to be ashamed.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
I'd like to get home by five.
My credit card was invalid.
Why would there be?
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
There is a man and a woman.
There's nothing I can do about it.
She walked around looking for him.
Anyway, at the age of 22 one knows everything, so what's the use of reading?
I will not come.
On gift-giving occasions, people generally avoid giving money, but there are exceptions.
Then, what if it's not?
I don't think that I can help you very much.
We've really been missing him since he left.
She showed him to his seat.
Who was playing?
He pretends to be gay.
Tickets are available now.
How much does the wooden chair cost?
Tom's definitely not stupid. He's just lazy.
Which is your luggage?
There should be a box of matches in the top drawer.
I could not catch her words.
Such a plan is bound to fail.
It is imperative for you to act at once.
I think we can be friends.
When did you get back from London?
I'm glad that you will come.
It's cool today.
We were robbed.
Cross out the incorrect words.
Are you also from Boston?
They are not teachers.
She came to the bedroom.
You can't prove that.
She left home with everything she owned.
The music carried me back to my childhood.
Why say sorry for something you haven't even done?
The machine is out of order.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
See you tonight! See you soon!
You won't be spared!
I get scared just walking past him.
He rests for two days.
I would like to have this soup.
Have a nice trip.
It's almost six.
Please can we have two teas and one coffee.
She promised him she wouldn't hurt him.
Next year I will return to Macao.
You say this to me a lot.
He came in, and at the same time the bell rang.
I don't want you to work there.
What's your favorite soda?
Since communism became obsolete and the dictatorship of the proletariat is out of date, capitalism proves to be the best so far, even though it itself is still a threat for humanity.
Thank you for helping me. Please turn off the light, I want to go to sleep.
What?
Please don't cry again.
You should be ashamed of your stupidity.
He replied that he did not know.
She always dresses very modestly.
He's a drunkard.
Be patient and persistent. These things take time.
People are counting on us.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
Most of the residents on this street are wrong 'uns.
What's the capital of Australia?
You are to come with me.
Tom has a very strong French accent.
I've known her for a long time.
I eat breakfast every morning.
He is ill.
Naomi is very glad about having won first prize.
Could you please lend me thirty dollars?
This is an appliance for drying clothes.
I just need a break.
Somebody has stolen my suitcase.
He will be busy tomorrow.
Kate made her family leave home.
The phone rang.
Tom thinks Mary is boring.
Doing this is to betray the trust of your friends.
Do it, no matter how hard!
Ken jumped over the wall.
This noise is driving me crazy.
He's a good guy.
I owe my success to his help.
I look down on you!
I must admit that I snore.
Women are not permitted to drive cars in Saudi Arabia.
Tom hid his money under his mattress.
Are you Tom's mother?
Ken has not washed the car yet.
I'm not very Chinese. For example, I don't believe that Taiwan is Chinese territory.
Stop being annoying!
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
Tom is consoling Mary.
You remember it?
He is studying at his desk.
What time is she at home?
According to the weather forecast it is going to snow tomorrow.
We were just getting ready to go.
What is your nickname?
Thank you for your cooperation.
What prevented you from coming earlier?
China shares borders with Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, North Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Mongolia and Russia.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
I live in the Anatolian side of Istanbul.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
She has three children.
Just put those packages anywhere.
Wait for a bit in the car.
You don't need to help me.
Make a wish and blow out the candles.
Tom's friend's name is Mary.
I will never leave you.
During mating season many animals exude strong fragrances.
He gave her her bag.
Tom wanted to become a veterinarian.
We like playing soccer.
I'm not upset about her.
They all looked for the lost child.
He has a few pens.
Had I arrived earlier, I could have seen Kelly.
Hello, girl with the red dress!
How many CDs do you have?
Hey, what do you like to eat?
Don't be so selfish.
How are you getting along with your new classmates?
Greed is always hungry.
Time is the most precious thing in the world.
I cannot abide to see such cruelty.
You've got something in your teeth.
She made a mess of the work.
How old is your grandfather?
He has patched up the hole in the wall.
I have a shower every night.
The sun went below the horizon.
Somebody had drowned her in the bathtub.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
The village which I visited last summer was a small one in Nagano Prefecture.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
Hang up your coat, please.
I'll be very happy if I can serve you.
We have to leave right now.
Please tell me your phone number.
As far as I'm concerned, the situation is getting worse and worse each day.
Tom treated Mary like a slave.
Please get dressed.
Tom left Mary's room.
I could not control my anger.
This problem is worth discussing.
This building is near completion.
Please don't!
Optimism is like the lamp of hope. Pessimism [or negativity] is like a drug of sorrow.
He killed that man.
I mean to go tomorrow if the weather is fine.
She cannot do without her car.
I prefer going outside to spending time on Facebook.
This dictionary is my sister's.
Toshio can speak English very well.
How many cats do you have?
Are you East Asian too?
Tom and I have nothing in common.
Nobody can control us.
I am completely agog over your diaphanous dress.
It is expensive running this car.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
I'll not be at home next Sunday.
Since I was the one they saw, they might think I was the one who did that.
I love the people here.
I think she'll succeed.
How about going out for dinner?
She's got to go there.
Why doesn't China have someone like Steve Jobs?
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
He's a painter, but he doesn't do traditional Chinese painting.
You haven't even asked me what I think.
He advanced to colonel.
Don't get me wrong.
The myth offers insights into the ancient civilization.
It was overcast yesterday.
I bought a bottle of salad oil.
You can only let the matter take its own course.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.
Mr. Smith studied Chinese history.
It seems she hates you.
I have never read such a scary novel.
Her son was killed in a traffic accident.
He swam until he could swim no more.
Just take it slowly.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes.
I wonder whether or not it'll rain tomorrow.
Give it up.
I'm a light sleeper.
I think of the woman as a journalist.
They set out on a picnic.
He had to be responsible, but this was a responsibility that he couldn’t bear.
Tom sent me an interesting text.
She used to visit me regularly.
Where did she buy all these?
Einstein liked to play the violin.
There isn't a single thing here that isn't spicy.
She grabbed him by the hand.
You're a smart person.
That's just your imagination.
Where did you get your hair cut?
In the end, because of the disease, he became unable to walk and had to use a motorized wheelchair to get around.
It's you that she loves, not me.
I have no recollection of seeing the man.
I sang.
That song always reminds me of my childhood.
She may not come here tomorrow.
Never knew before what eternity was made for. It is to give some of us a chance to learn German.
Someone ate all my cupcakes.
I didn't think we had enough time.
Tell me again.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do.
One hundred years is called a century.
I was tired, but I couldn't sleep.
Keiko, do you have any buttered toast?
I like this book very much.
When did the petrol gauge stop working?
Tom worked hard to get the work done on time.
Stay here and wait for her.
Sorry, but I have to go now. I have an appointment in one hour. Please don't forget to call me back when I get home.
I'm lying.
Shocked by the events of September 11th, politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed.
I want to find him first!
I don't speak Ukrainian.
Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
I can dance and sing.
He became more and more famous.
Could you speak more slowly?
Didn't I tell you so?
You remind me of your father.
I'd like to go to London.
This is kind of interesting.
If someone told Bismarck early on that he's a great public speaker, he would be very angry. That's so plain, he would say he is not a good public speaker, I talk with a stammer. I'm a politician, not a good public speaker.
If you had left home a little earlier you would have been in time.
I taught French for several years.
He lived to be seventy years old.
Does Mike call his dog Pochi?
I'd like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
You look tired.
Kyoto has many places to see.
Am I handsome?
Tom said he wanted to play poker with us.
I have never felt comfortable when I'm with him.
He was considered very qualified for the job.
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.
Nobody is too old to learn.
She was in America last month.
Do you know how the accident happened?
The baby was in a deep sleep in his mother's arms.
I want something sweet to eat.
I can't go out, because I was injured a week ago in an accident.
But he did not often smile.
We are determined to protect the motherland.
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
The window opened.
I want you to be prepared.
The situation is deteriorating.
We have many rainy days in June.
We walk along the lakeside.
Fire! Run!
I just ate sushi and drank beer.
Where in Japan did you grow up?
You can get a fine view of the sea from the mountaintop.
You'll get into trouble if your girlfriend finds out the truth.
Last year I suffered from an inflammation of my middle ear.
It has to be me.
The monkey climbed up a tree.
Please come whenever you like.
I came to the conclusion that I had been deceived.
I don't have anything else I have to do today.
There are some empty bottles in the box.
Please forgive me.
I go to the library at least once a week.
Don't be afraid of making mistakes when speaking English.
Now why would I do that?
What would you say if there weren't any more fish?
He kicked the ball into the goal.
The design of these clothes is indeed rather nice, but they are a little expensive.
She wants children, but he doesn't.
Maria teaches me Norwegian.
They obeyed orders.
She is weakest at science.
Do you know what's happened?
She's a middle-aged fat woman.
Mary has beautiful brown eyes.
The boy is asking a question.
Who discovered radium?
He's a tall boy.
I happened to find the camera I'd lost.
What's the capital city of Finland?
Those two departments are sometimes at odds with each other.
He had a lot of work to do.
Chocolate's iron content is higher than spinach's.
He got very drunk.
I take my camera wherever I go.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Could you turn it down?
Kim is dressed very attractively.
I had to study hard to keep up with the other students.
Are you nuts?
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
She caught colds often.
Tom is already there.
I slept on the sofa.
Did you have any problems?
"It smells like popcorn." "You're right!"
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
She's annoying and selfish.
Tom still uses a typewriter.
On his arrival at the station, he called a taxi.
This is a can.
Tom let Mary go home.
The result confirmed my hypothesis.
There used to be a big cherry tree at the back of my house.
She is interested in learning new ideas.
I wish you had come with us.
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.
I am reading a book about animals.
This is my father.
That is out of the question.
To what degree can we trust him?
Cows give milk.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
If you get sleepy, just tell me.
You didn't tell him anything?
His English improved slightly.
Our chef is very busy today.
She teaches Dutch.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten fired.
Iceland has not joined the European Union.
How much does a bus ticket cost?
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I have lost the case after all.
Tom recommended the novel to them.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
He wants to know more about them.
Let's wait here till he comes back.
Have you been keeping up a normal diet since the last shot of insulin?
He didn't hear his name called.
Please answer my question.
When he retired, his son took over his business.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
Was his story true?
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."
This rule does not apply in all cases.
What did you open it with?
What kind of bird is this?
You have too many books on the shelf.
I will be free in ten minutes.
My schoolmate is holding a map of Beijing in his hand.
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.
The capital of Australia is Canberra, not Melbourne.
The library is pretty small.
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
He does not smoke.
There's a mistake in this sentence.
Her voice is very pretty.
We will come together.
I'll call you.
Everybody wished he had been elected governor.
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Have you ever snored?
An icy blast of wind chilled me to the bone.
You need to hand in a few photos, fill in a form, and get a visa.
Apart from cats, I like animals.
Please don't speak so fast.
I just want you to come.
If today was Sunday, I'd go fishing.
There is no chance of rain today.
I arrived two weeks ago.
Will you be at home this afternoon?
Come along with me and go fishing.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
You might've heard of it.
Tom climbed over the wall.
You're so stupid.
I shouldn't have done it.
I feel like my head is going to explode.
Miyuki set the table for the party.
You're never satisfied with anything I do.
Please come back home.
You don't need to work on Sundays.
I'll never forget what you told me.
Have you eaten your lunch yet?
I love roads.
What is happiness?
I'm a little touched.
It would appear that you're wrong.
Non-native speakers are speakers, too.
In addition, I can fly.
I'm interested in oriental pottery.
The robin is looking for worms.
I took my temperature every six hours.
She is going to Chiba Stadium.
We have two dogs, three cats, and six chickens.
The summer vacation is only a week away.
It rains a lot in June in Japan.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
A lot of young people went to Hawaii this summer.
Why do you want to become a nurse?
How about going for a drive?
I helped my father water the flowers.
Give me the sword.
He hates opera.
The dog was wagging his tail.
Don't stay up too late.
He ran into the room.
Yes, he's our manager.
As a child, I’d only wear trousers.
Nobody knows where he has escaped to.
India is a region rich in culinary culture.
I cannot recommend her as a secretary.
We don't need you anymore.
Do you speak Hindi?
Tom loves his wife.
I take the train to work every day.
He hid his friend from the police.
Can I do anything to help?
Tom said that the most difficult language for him had been Finnish.
He rescued the child from the fire.
Why haven't you replied to me for so long?
He hit the ball with his racket.
Tom doesn't have any classes today.
It's so different now.
Is this your daughter?
Life is very short.
She is proficient in French.
I got up at seven.
His view on marriage is abnormal.
You should always save money for a rainy day.
You're not my girlfriend.
I went to the park last Saturday.
I speak Esperanto.
Whose head hurts?
They are dancing.
The end product is worth ten times as much as the materials used.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
Tom is very sleepy, because he didn't sleep well last night.
Anyway the event has already passed, there is no point in mentioning it again.
What does he say in his letter?
She wants to meet him one more time.
It's already time to go home.
I bought two pairs of pants.
I was surprised.
I haven't eaten.
The screen is giving off green light.
That's a pencil.
She dreamt a strange dream.
I study abroad.
Don't tell him anything.
Over-sleeping is no excuse for being late.
Who says I'm afraid of him?
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave.
Tom is lonely.
I have not yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
I have nothing to do with that crime.
I was dazzled by the headlights of an approaching car.
I'll be there at once.
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
Excuse me, where is the metro?
Let's open the window.
We don't know whether he can come or not.
Let’s order the lobster! I’ve heard that’s the specialty dish here.
I'd like to travel alone.
You don't want to be an editor?
He congratulated me on my success.
Early removal of the placenta is very dangerous.
The kitchen is not clean.
His advice didn't help much.
Go with these men.
He speaks English with a German accent.
This matter is of great importance.
Tom says that you've never been to Australia.
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.
Have you and her had a sexual relationship?
You're going to be a mommy.
He left all his property to his wife in his will.
I'm always under stress.
A strange sound was heard from behind the door.
I'll treat you.
Tom asked Mary if she smoked.
Can you help me?
He is always at home on Mondays.
Tom and Mary are right behind John.
He began to sweat.
I don't know what it is, but it's something very big.
I see your point.
They're very close friends.
I'm really tired, I want to sleep.
How many batteries do you have right now?
What's happened has happened; there's no use in whining and complaining.
These eating patterns are a learned behavior.
I would like to travel around the world.
She seemed to have been ill.
How did you get out of your room?
You're not going in the right direction.
Mary put some flowers in the vase.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
We had to nix tomorrow's meeting because of a scheduling problem.
England is proud of her poets.
Tom clenched his fists.
Such magazines have a great influence on children.
Merry Christmas, my love!
Stop it! You're making her feel uncomfortable!
I know Tom is tired.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
The homework is due next Monday.
Tom asked me many questions about Mary.
You can't park your car here.
Did your dream become reality?
We still have plenty of time.
Everybody knows that he is honest.
Tom undressed and got into bed.
According to dentists, tooth decay is not always caused by sweets.
I have to call Tom.
Don't get caught.
Then, when he asked who had broken the window, all the boys acted innocent.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
Is there anything else you want me to do?
Do you have any employees who speak Japanese?
Welcome to the club.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
Tom has no money.
I am really tired of living.
I'm planning to study tonight.
Tom hates opera.
Such behavior gives rise to problems.
Sing us a song, please.
How ever you like.
Jeans are now in fashion among girls.
I don't remember what Tom looked like.
I was not selected.
I am afraid he will fail.
Are you in the city or not?
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
She has traveled all over the globe.
I can read without glasses.
There are great differences in pronunciation between different Chinese dialects.
I was showering a moment ago.
Drive carefully, or you'll run into trouble.
He acted like he owned the place.
My grandma just drank a bit of soup.
I'll tell him you asked.
The only people who do this are tourists.
Don't hate me.
You'll catch it from Mummy.
Have you made any New Year's resolutions?
I do not know what to do to get through this month.
Don't forget we have to do our homework.
She's running from home.
He walks in the park every morning.
We should probably tell Tom.
The situation's getting worse.
Magdalena is very polite to me.
It's impolite to stare at people.
I think he's about 60 years old.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
This matter is very urgent.
I want two kitties.
He is a mathematical genius.
Prove it by experiment.
Bill was adamant that she should obey him.
I cannot figure out why he has done that.
I'll treat you to dinner.
I will not borrow money from those people.
I'll bring my sister to the party.
Tom has never been on time.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
The doctor thought the patient's pulse was rather rapid.
I found the work very interesting.
How about something cold to drink?
She kept crying all night long.
Everything went well.
Their two shadows overlap.
The price of rice has dropped.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
Tom bought a dozen donuts.
His wife is Swedish.
May I see your passport?
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
Sir, I would like to deposit my money. How do I do that?
Who did you get this from?
Tom has just returned from the post office.
I am going to leave tomorrow.
Tom isn't a fool.
He's happy.
I'm very hungry today.
Go straight on to the end of the road.
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company.
I want a boat.
That student is beginning to look so scary.
Dan wanted you to know that he didn't hate you.
We are responsible in front of the law.
I've already been here for two hours.
Let's play chess.
Nonsense!
I wore a hat yesterday because it was very cold.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
The dancer's every move was perfect.
I am ashamed of myself.
Dibs.
The world is a den of crazies.
Nothing can be worse than that.
The doorbell rang.
This brand of mouthwash tastes funny.
It is no longer a dream for man to live on the moon.
If she was still alive, she would be able to help me.
She picked me an apple.
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.
She showed me her album.
It isn't very spicy.
The natural landscape is characterised by its large amount of mountains, and it looks as truly beautiful as a painting.
She played the guitar and he sang.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
When we come to die, we shall be alone. From all our worldly possessions we shall be about to part. Worldly friends — the friends drawn to us by our position, our wealth, or our social qualities, — will leave us as we enter the dark valley. From those bound to us by stronger ties — our kindred, our loved ones, children, brothers, sisters, and from those not less dear to us who have been made our friends because they and we are the friends of the same Saviour, — from them also we must part. Yet not all will leave us. There is One who "sticketh closer than a brother" — One who having loved His own which are in the world loves them to the end.
They're both artists.
Life would be impossible without the sun.
Knowledge is power.
He's a very good teacher, so his children really listen to him.
Tom should have plenty of time.
I hope to see you again.
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil.
Work is so busy that I don't even have any time to relax.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
She went far away.
Many pictures are placed on Xiaoding's desk.
Who would know that?
In Australia, they speak English.
The pain is unbearable.
Scientists have found water on Mars.
A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
What were you doing at that time?
I'll never be able to live this down.
We study music.
Are those two going out?
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
Tom fixed his bicycle.
Tom wears glasses.
Remember that.
I know this is important to you.
He is depressed.
Tom just ate.
Why did you leave the class yesterday?
You will get used to it.
The early bird catches the worm.
I have to get to the hospital.
Do you have any foreign stamps?
He went up the steps slowly.
Oil is transported by tanker.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
My brother is not as tall as I was two years ago.
The word comes from Greek.
Please show me your stamp album.
What do you usually do with your friends?
She ignored me even when she met me on the street.
I admit that I don't like Tom very much.
That's the reason she doesn't want to be with him anymore.
Is this your brolly?
I'm a student in a university.
Mary opened her window.
It gets very humid here in the summer. In the winter, on the other hand, it gets very dry.
I am speculating that he may win the game.
My mother told me I needed to eat more vegetables.
My brother's room is always a mess.
Susan left an hour ago.
Tom likely won't leave.
I went without food for a week.
He's afraid of the dog.
Sorry, I'm 30 minutes late because I overslept.
Let's go drink a cup of coffee at that coffee shop over there.
I need a raise.
Speak of the devil and he is sure to appear.
She made no response to my question.
Tom's in there.
I feel better today.
This is the future.
I do not want to hear your complaints again.
He likes finding faults in others.
The fence will be painted by Tom tomorrow.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
Tom was the worst.
Is there a doctor on board?
Tom is the easy-going sort.
She was accepted to Harvard.
He wasn't the same as I thought he'd be.
I hate drinking soup.
The police now believe Tom had something to do with Mary's disappearance.
If you don't leave, I'll sic my dogs on you.
We must wash all these dirty plates.
I had a good time last evening.
They said he would never come back.
Unable to sense the situation.
It is Sunday tomorrow.
I want Tom to wait.
Rome was not built in a day.
My brother and I are in the same class.
John, you're working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
How am I supposed to know this?
I've just got back from the UK.
It's all due to the pandemic.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Tom is three years older than Mary is.
My brother and I shared the room.
My mother is French.
"Novels? I hate novels." Oh muse, forgive her blasphemy.
That's a bad day for me.
That sounds really weird!
I thought that you said Tom didn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom complains all the time.
I want to go to Japan someday.
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
Could I try to do it?
I met my teacher by accident at the restaurant last night.
Did you get up early?
Give me back the book after you've read it.
I am undressing.
She filled the glass with wine.
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Our baby cannot talk yet.
The garden is in front of the house.
I like you very much.
I had her sweep my room.
How to arouse a woman's desire?
I want to have this letter registered.
I haven't bought bell peppers.
What did you eat this morning?
She was very pleased when her son returned home safe and sound.
Not all Muslims are Arabs.
I'm so tired that I can't walk any longer.
I want to know how long it'll take.
Tom is busy all the time.
My daughter wants a piano.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
I've already told him that.
I think we're ready to do that.
It isn't possible to do two things at once.
He's speaking German to me.
Almost stepped on a gecko while going to the metro.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I filled this glass with milk.
Caution.
I am really into soccer.
What do you mean to say to me?
It can be dangerous.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
Ken has been looking for you.
He must be about forty.
It has been raining for two days.
I'm going to the airport.
It's no use crying over spilt milk.
Say which one you would like.
You can go.
"Goodbye," she said.
You might be late for school.
Sorry, I was dining and I didn't see the message.
A glass of cold water is very refreshing in hot weather.
The Heavenly Timber Immolation is a kind of ancient ritual.
His sisters as well as he are now living in Tokyo.
Are you saying my life is in danger?
I love Korean food.
There is a path through the wood.
What are you learning?
The train was delayed, so I could not arrive there on time.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
Louder. I can't hear you.
Giving up drinking for a year is healthy.
Not even one taxi stopped.
The suits in this row are all made of imported European fabric.
He resembles his father very much.
I have to know.
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.
Don't try my patience.
I left the notes in the dormitory. I'll go back and get them now.
She has a beautiful doll.
We went down a river by canoe.
She visits us every other day.
Wait here till he comes back.
John is likely to make a mistake.
Here's the change.
We ate lunch early.
He's not good at remembering names.
Tom has changed his mind again.
I made a big mistake in choosing my wife.
They are always complaining.
When Christmas comes around, I usually receive a lot of presents.
I can't let you in here.
I have been very busy lately.
Tom is perfect, isn't he?
You're not hot?
People love talking.
My father's a doctor.
I can't make an exception.
I didn't get his joke.
Are you dating anybody?
Doing the laundry is my job.
I finished the work yesterday.
They helped each other with homework.
Can you speak French?
Could you spare me a few minutes?
These ruins are ancient.
This thing can't be rushed; it needs long-term planning.
I have never been to Germany.
I bought a red tie.
I'm sorry that I'm late.
Where is the lost and found?
On the contrary, I've never said such a thing.
He told the boys to line up.
The assistant referee held up his flag to show the referee that the ball was still in play.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
Before I met you, I never felt this way.
I am short.
My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the ocarina.
Hundreds of people work in this factory.
They did the right thing.
Have you already rung the doorbell?
There is a fence around the house.
It's my turn to do that.
I know I'm right, but you're entitled to your opinion.
Guess what happened to me.
Tom bought some flowers for Mary.
Nancy is a hard girl for me to deal with.
You don't have a fever.
They can sing well.
Tom is older than I am.
I went to the hospital yesterday.
Don't go over the speed limit.
The grand prize is a kiss from the princess.
Even though I'm wearing a lot of clothing, it is still cold.
I've been waiting for him since early this morning.
You should wear a coat.
Are you ten years old?
What do you think I was doing before?
What did you major in at college?
Have you drank tea?
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.
Please let me know the result by telephone.
The town is two miles away from the coast.
Sorry I'm late.
Cut the melon into six equal pieces.
You should know what to read.
I thought it would be worse.
Our team has a Moroccan player.
She can swim as quickly as her brother.
During that time I didn't expect to have a problem.
I don't think I really have a problem.
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
I was born 20 years ago.
Please bill us separately.
They made straight for their destination.
You ought to be more careful.
All gone.
I tried to escape.
Never underestimate Tom.
Do you have any siblings?
She is poor, but she looks happy.
I will explain it to her.
I am your father.
Food goes bad easily in this season.
It is 7 o'clock.
I lost my money.
Yes, it's pretty, but I don't like red.
Aren't you thirsty?
She hit the ball hard.
Won't you have some tea with me?
"Tom can't stand me." "Nonsense! You're just imagining things!"
I ate all my oranges.
Who were you talking to?
I wonder where he is hiding.
He couldn't pass the examination.
We've got to start thinking about recycling.
Tom found the key that he thought he'd lost.
I've got nothing to do with it.
I want a cellular phone, but I don't have enough money to pay for one.
I don't think that it is possible to generalise about a whole nation and say how all Japanese people are.
Where is the closest metro stop?
If I've misjudged you, I'm terribly sorry.
He has access to the American Embassy.
I didn't think Tom would be so mad.
Steel is a key industry.
What to do?
You're a better chess player than me.
It's too big.
He is almost six feet tall.
You see? You must study a foreign language.
I don't want red bell peppers, I want green ones.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
She hired him as a programmer.
Could you please drive me home?
I am anxious about his health.
That is no business of yours.
I'm afraid not.
Why is there no world peace?
Drink.
We flew from London to New York.
Tom doesn't pay attention in school.
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.
We are in agreement.
Nancy is afraid of dogs.
Tom said he'd wait.
She gave me a meaningful look.
I'm not accustomed to getting up early.
It's better than nothing.
I want to go to Lviv...
I've done a lot this week.
Would you like a drink?
Linda loves chocolate.
Did you watch TV last night?
I'll be seeing you.
There are many people living near us.
I am going to watch TV this evening.
I'm going to buy a camera for my daughter.
See how high you can jump.
I like wearing stockings.
Mary dances at home.
Can we speak in the hall?
I'm grateful for that.
This description is too abstract.
Look what I made for you.
She had already gone when I arrived.
The importance of music is underrated.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn't love him.
What's your hobby?
He has a passive character.
I remember seeing him.
He prefers football to baseball.
I'm afraid of death.
His house was small and old.
I'll never forget visiting Paris last summer.
That nurse is very kind and polite.
Tom said Mary likes driving.
I work in a hospital.
Can I have a bite?
Hello, I am Nancy.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
I don't know a thing about her.
I can't do without her help.
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
He is more clever than wise.
Don't slip on the ice.
It's impossible for me to explain it to you.
Although I have been studying Chinese for 2 years, there are still a lot of words I do not know.
I played tennis with my brother.
All animals are equal.
He killed himself by taking poison.
I have not yet finished my supper.
What does this key unlock?
We want to stay for three nights.
Tom sometimes talks in his sleep.
I need more space.
She is beautiful.
You can't keep a secret.
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.
He knows how to brush his teeth.
Morocco is called "Al-Maghrib" in Arabic.
As far as I know, he is the shortest student in this school.
She is in need of help.
I wash my hands before eating lunch.
My father will not let me marry him.
I, as well as you, was late for school yesterday.
Hi, I'm Nancy.
You despise Nick, don't you?
They are afraid.
Please wish me luck.
I want to leave my name on the encyclopedia.
Take care of Mr. Tanaka for me!
Tom eats like a pig.
Have a safe trip.
Where can we find you?
Are you going to come tomorrow?
Do you listen to the radio at home every day?
English is not easy for him to learn.
Who helps your mother?
How much does that cost?
He remained single all his life.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
I just knew you would say that.
I am sure we have a lot in common.
In a month, the weather won't be as hot as it is now.
John passed among the crowd.
I am 30 years old.
How many people?
Nothing is holy.
Yan Daxia realised he had been lied to and flew to Jiang Feng's side. He took Jiang Feng's son and left. Yan Daxia vowed revenge and left the boy with a spice merchant.
Tom, I want you to handle this one.
Are you sad?
I can't afford to pay so much.
We are poor, but we are happy.
If you stay at a big hotel, you can use their swimming pool.
We should've bought three bottles of wine.
His pictures were hung on the wall.
Pass me the salt, would you?
They can't see me.
Please tell us what to do next.
Tom had a heat stroke.
This shirt needs ironing.
I am extremely tired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't through doing that.
This year, the speed of development in our company far exceeds that of last year.
How's your project going?
I don't like him any more than he likes me.
In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
You must clear the table.
I returned home to eat.
Let's proceed with the items on the agenda.
If you want to know, just ask.
Playing tennis is fun.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
Do you feel like eating something?
You need to put more water in the vase.
Somebody must have seen what happened.
Don't be afraid of having tigers for enemies; be afraid of having pigs for friends.
Is your skull broken?
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
Tom came here from Australia.
Save yourself.
This instrument needs to be calibrated.
I'm on your side.
The principal theme of the book is the American Revolution.
She can speak English, of course.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
I was expecting you last night.
The child has a case of chicken pox.
Saxophonists often double on flutes, which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments.
It isn't hard to understand.
I saw a cottage in the distance.
I'm a doctor.
Of course she can speak English.
My uncle gave me a pair of shoes.
He flatly refused to let me in.
Tom's face is red.
I just wanted somebody to help me.
I'm asking what your opinion is.
Sorry, that was none of my business.
You have two younger brothers.
We should leave.
Real friendship doesn't mean that you will never run out of things to say, but that you don't get embarrassed when you don't have anything to say.
Hurry up, or you'll miss the train.
We should judge him according to his actions.
London's climate differs from that of Tokyo.
Sami still liked his friend.
The demand is huge.
We're not going on vacation.
Abraham Lincoln is a famous person.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
Air is indispensable to life.
How's your daughter?
Do you know the phone number of your relatives?
He is late again today.
Have you ever been to a Spanish city?
He spoke with evident glee.
Tom still drinks, but not as much as he used to.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
Come on, let's go.
I have an older brother and an older sister.
We're hiding.
How can I get to the police station?
All of these books are mine.
My name is Farshad.
The policeman arrested the burglar.
They waited for him for hours.
I'm hard up.
My father is free this afternoon.
Have you been here since?
I heard the leaves rustling.
I own two cars.
She changed her tactics.
I wish that I could speak French better.
Shut your eyes.
Tom wasn't staring at Mary.
I say this from my heart.
What do you like to do in your free time?
Mary received a letter from Germany.
Be a good boy.
They've both got a hat on.
He bites his tongue while talking.
I have a lot of questions.
She resembles her mother in every respect.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
How high is that tower?
She stabbed him in the back.
Tom says he hopes Mary can do that.
I am the boss in my office.
The students are in the classroom.
By the way, how many of you are keeping a diary?
Come on over to have a try.
Mary tore up the newspaper.
I don't know if you know or not, but here in America you're expected to tip the waiter.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
I am short of money.
Tom is swimming.
We didn't intend to attack him.
Run off now!
We like music.
No love without envy.
She always gets lost.
Can I write it that way?
Amy wants something new to wear.
The room was illuminated with red lights.
Do you have time on Tuesday?
We must finish our homework first.
We managed to swim across the river.
I am playing volleyball now.
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in.
I didn't know she was married.
What's done can't be undone.
I suspect they water down the beer in that pub.
This deal is mine, so you need to just settle down and agree with me.
I've got lots of ideas.
Although old, he is still very much alive.
She acknowledged that my statement was true.
Tom left his coat downstairs.
Tom said that you were angry.
Once the work is done, usually around half past five, I come home to have dinner.
Do you have a house on your own?
Japan is highly competitive in high technology industries.
She barricaded herself in his room.
My job is to wash dishes.
Opinions vary from person to person.
She made coffee for all of us.
The scenery was beautiful beyond description.
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
What's that lying on the bed?
The vase was shattered.
I haven't met her.
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
Her watch is ten minutes slow.
Why is your mouth so big?
You must get this homework finished by the day after tomorrow.
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.
Those kittens are so cute.
Could you call me back a bit later?
Can you speak Mandarin?
What were Tom and Mary doing here?
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
You must do your best.
Have you heard from him recently?
Do you trust me?
Nobody would listen to me.
Foxes are so adorable!
I signed the lease today.
I'd like to have a cat.
Let's consider it again when the time comes.
Hello everyone! I am your Chinese teacher.
I don't want any bananas at all.
I need to go to the hospital.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
Almost nobody thinks we are sisters.
I'll keep doing it.
She always gets her own way.
I don't have two cats.
The accident caused traffic chaos.
I talked Tom into doing that for me.
Where does she want to go?
Put your name on the notebook in case you forget it.
Why are you learning English?
The class has started. Please take your seats.
It seems interesting to me.
I can make that happen.
This company achieved a remarkable increase in turnover last year.
He mistook me for my mother.
I really hope that I can speak authentic Chinese.
I might be a few minutes late.
He dressed up as a woman.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
How long have you been working here?
You are a bit fat.
I'm still in school.
He's new in town.
It's really different from what I expected.
How far is it from here to the station?
He was appointed chairman.
I told you Tom would be here.
Betty always managed to get what she wanted.
I have a sore throat.
She can come.
When does the game begin?
This is my dog.
How did you celebrate your birthday?
I'm big.
We swam in the lake.
I'm still angry about that.
So beautiful!
Have you ever thought of becoming a nurse?
He watched from a distance.
Because I want to be a translator.
He thought of a good solution.
Meet me at the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.
Tom put a stack of letters on Mary's desk.
A fire broke out during the night.
He is on the Internet.
Who invited you guys?
I'm reading the newspaper.
He is no longer a boy.
The service in this restaurant is none too fast.
If you want to know a country, you must learn its history.
I saw you driving your new car.
Imagine that you have a time machine.
Do you offer accommodation?
It wasn't I, commissioner!
I have already tried that.
They furnished the library with new books.
She forced him to eat spinach.
One may only catch the tiger cub by entering the tiger's den.
We were wondering who it was, and it turns out that it was you!
I've got toothache.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
I live near the sea, so I often go to the beach.
Tom is OK.
You shouldn't talk to Tom that way.
"What happened?" "The car broke down."
The weather forecast says it'll snow tomorrow.
Did you have breakfast this morning?
It's under the table.
Tatoeba: We've got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime.
There are a lot of fish in this lake.
Who is able to explain this to me?
Suppose you had a thousand dollars, what would you do with it?
Tom is not a good driver.
I'm studying several languages.
Long live the Soviet Union!
Hurry up! The food will get cold.
I wish that I hadn't taken the office.
Father is going to undergo an operation.
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
She really hates him.
It might be a wedding.
Is the milk cold, or still hot?
He would often read detective stories after supper.
Where are my books?
She can speak three languages.
She went home.
She let me sit by her.
Where do you live in Turkey?
I was brought up in the country.
They aren't my parents.
Champagne, please.
You two should get married.
The man on whom you see the Spirit come down and remain is he who will baptize with the Holy Spirit.
If you do not understand, ask.
Let's get started.
I don't eat bread.
What did Brainless and Unhappy do?
I'll be at home all day tomorrow.
Paul studies very hard these days.
The boy is full of promise.
I like taking walks.
He is definitely not a gentleman.
He decided to quit smoking.
The virus is starting to mutate.
One of my dreams is to learn Icelandic.
I think I'm going crazy.
Where are Tom's parents?
My grandparents are from Lisbon, but my parents are from Rio de Janeiro.
Sydney is Australia's largest city.
They said the situation was only temporary.
She knows nothing.
Sami wanted to do it, too.
You are going home.
I cannot speak English, much less German.
It was Lao Zhang that told me this story.
I got up early enough to catch the first train.
Let me do that for you.
I have a few friends here.
Where did your sister just go?
She made the same mistake again.
I brought flowers.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
Can you compute the distance of the moon from the earth?
I do not agree with you at all.
I'm a cook.
Your outfit today is so gorgeous!
I live in Boston, but I was born in Chicago.
I'm sorry. I got the wrong number.
Is there a car that seats twenty-five?
We were talking about something at that time, but I don't remember what.
Not a letter did I receive from her.
The little child drools whenever he hears of something delicious.
Tom kissed Mary's cheek.
I'm a school pupil.
Father is coming home tomorrow.
You should put this phrase in parentheses.
Tom thought he heard some gunshots.
I'd like to show you something.
No other mountain in the world is so high as Mt. Everest.
Would you like some tea?
She needs to eat.
Give us a ride downtown.
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner, on the other to tell you my son is getting married.
You have to put an adjective after "不够."
What makes you think so?
You should keep your promise.
Forget your sorrows.
I asked Tom why he wasn't here yesterday.
That cloud looks like Tom Jackson.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
Was there a book on the desk a moment ago?
How silly of you!
My father works at a factory.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
This accident has nothing to do with me.
I want to be a journalist.
The train has pulled in.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
Are there any other suggestions?
If it were not for examinations, how happy our school life would be!
I use laundry detergent.
I am boring.
Dare you ask him about the accident?
Are you also from Kashgar?
Sunday is the last day of the week.
I don't know anything about him, other than his name.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
Your daughter will tell me.
We made inquiries into his past.
This wallet is made out of paper.
The official languages of the UN are Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, and Spanish.
Hang on a minute. I'll call Jimmy.
Is the soup still hot?
She and I have nothing in common.
A couple from Boston was also killed.
We have lived in Osaka six years.
So what if that's true?
I can't afford to rent a house like this in Tokyo.
Translate the underlined part.
I don't think Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
I think that it's unlikely Tom will get elected.
The train is coming!
How do you like your coffee? Strong and black?
My mobile hasn't got a signal.
Teachers must understand children.
His pace was slower.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
I don't go to school.
This man is happy.
The tiger was killed.
I wish that I could stop hiccuping.
He knows nothing.
I'm sure she won't like the book.
I have a certain amount of money on me.
Paulina has a pink cap.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
At what hour was she born?
It's very big.
Pics or it didn't happen.
She complained to me of my small salary.
Tom didn't agree to do it.
Why should it be necessary?
Please alight at the next stop.
Terrific!
Those photos are hers.
Stay calm whatever happens.
I'm sick of her excuses.
My sister usually walks to school.
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
With this upgrade, one obvious impact is that users will be obliged to reset their passwords.
We've been matched up with some strong teams this year.
They were busy working for social reforms.
She dreamed a happy dream last night.
She said, "He is handsome."
I visit him every other day.
I’ll phone you as soon as I arrive in Shanghai.
Tom had nowhere to return to.
You should be happy.
How do you like your eggs done?
Do you know who they are?
It has been three months since he left Japan.
He has to take two science classes.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucracy.
We want one.
In Japan, the new school year begins in April.
We associate Egypt with the Nile.
In Harbin, many people invite me to their homes to have dinner.
She went out.
If not for music, the world would be a dull place.
He betrayed his friends for money.
Write these words in your notebook.
Do you have anything to eat?
May I ask your name?
We're English.
Tom studies at Harvard.
She told me she knew my brother.
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners, merchants, artisans, and laborers.
School will soon be over for summer vacation.
I'm also very pleased to have seen you.
I will find you a good doctor.
Tom may be back tomorrow.
We lead a very ordinary life.
What is your house like?
I have eight siblings.
It's only a dream.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Why are you afraid of Tom?
I don't like this.
In Hungary, everyone speaks Hungarian.
Comb your hair before you go out.
Are we afraid of death?
You should stay at home today.
We've moved.
I'm really scared of spiders.
"I'm in a terrible hurry... for reasons I can't say," Dima replied to the woman. "Please, just let me try on that suit there."
What's the idea behind that?
These products are of the same quality.
She is wearing hiking boots.
New York is on the Hudson River.
A few months later they return to their breeding grounds in the Arctic.
Mr Kato is a teacher.
My French is crappy.
How was your summer vacation?
I made a desk of wood.
We bought some vegetables and fish at the market.
None of his students could solve the problem.
Doctors refused to perform a second operation.
He talks too fast.
I'll give you a ring every night.
You should learn from his example.
Is there life on Mars?
How long has it been since you saw your girlfriend?
This must be changed.
Algeria finances Islamists and terrorism.
Can you tell me where you live?
Dogs bark.
Would you look after my cat?
He likes to travel by himself.
He calls her up every night.
That's none of your business.
She practises the piano every day.
It would of course be cheaper for you to sleep at our place.
This book was in his car yesterday.
This medicine will give you some relief.
She came in company with her mother.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
You have only to read this article to see how serious the accident was.
Tom knows how Mary died.
It would take forever for me to explain everything.
I can do what I want.
Each robot is equipped with a talking machine.
For us, what’s most important is understanding the intention of the leadership.
You're wasting our time.
Jim works hard, but John is idle.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting.
Please introduce your family.
What do you think of those Japanese writers?
Now shake hands and make up.
Well, let's start our work.
I'm a slave.
I cannot fry these eggs. They are rotten.
Can I smoke here?
At what age will I be able to withstand what now hurts me so easily, makes me disheartened and anxious?
He threw the ball.
Don't speak ill of others behind their back.
You're a better chess player than I am.
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't have a fever this morning.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
I know the girl playing tennis.
Everything else is fine.
I called Tom up.
You bought the ticket for the train?
She was born last year.
I can't understand his feelings.
Speak slower, please.
Me, too.
I'm proud of my brother.
The doctor insisted that the patient get plenty of rest.
No wonder she doesn't want to see him again. Because they broke up.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
You'll learn how to do it sooner or later.
It's hard to believe.
That makes us even.
They're 30 minutes behind schedule.
Ann likes to write poems.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
Did the police arrest Tom?
I decided to come to Japan last year.
Chongqing is a hilly city with winding streets.
He is doing the homework.
It is here at long last.
Publicly express your love for someone.
I'm not sure if this is correct.
A good programmer will influence everyone around him.
My brother takes care of our dog.
Tom has lost weight recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been losing weight.
I have some stamps in my bag.
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
How many people were in the cinema?
Sami is a crazy boy.
I will show you some pictures.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
Tom lied to the others.
I've done my best.
I thought that you lived in Boston.
I think you understand me.
Can you give me a map of the street?
Tom has no choice but to go.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
You have a good job.
It's a dictionary.
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.
I thanked Mary for her help.
Don't run!
It was my duty to do that.
I decided not to study French.
The children go to school in the morning.
The third point to make is that Emmet attempted to harmonize his theory with the reality of designing.
There is water in the glass.
I've had black rice congee thrice in one day!
This bicycle belongs to me.
My income has decreased ten percent.
You must leave.
Can you give me your phone number?
I thank you.
I am acquainted with him.
I wonder whether we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.
Yesterday was Friday; the day after tomorrow is Monday.
Tom did it again.
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
Tom could write his name when he was three years old.
This book is new.
Tom tried to control his emotions.
This was a premeditated crime.
I like to do my homework.
You are colleagues.
Come what may, I won't change my mind.
I'll use it a bit this evening, and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow.
He watches at least one movie a day.
I'll have another beer.
He did that on the quiet.
May I use your pencil?
I need you to go home.
His job is driving a sight-seeing bus.
Climbing this mountain is very difficult.
You could have done it.
Is this the reason you didn't want to come with me?
Your house is really great!
Why do you need this money?
Let moss cover my grave.
Does that hurt?
Why is nobody visiting my website?
It's too expensive.
Exactly what method did you use to improve your Mandarin in such a short space of time?
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
Learning foreign languages is boring.
I think he is a very kind man.
Can you produce any evidence that he was not at home that night?
Where can I take a bath?
I don't like teachers who dislike students that ask questions.
I want to see a volcano.
Help us.
The storm has died down.
Tom carefully wiped his fingerprints off the knife.
Tom almost agreed to do that.
The wreckage of the ship was salvaged after it had gone to Davy Jones's locker.
I know how to drive a car.
Of course, another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English.
A cold snap spread across Europe.
Going to Madrid on Thursday.
You gave a bad example.
I wrote her a letter every day.
I don't care much for coffee.
Tom is an excellent father.
That's a hotel.
Do in Rome as the Romans do.
Have you got walking boots?
There is a children's playroom. You can take your child there.
You must be careful not to make him angry.
Is Tom a common name in your country?
The brain is just a complicated machine.
He's only a couple of years older than me.
Jack was really disappointed, and left his job.
I just try not to think about it.
The boy has learned to read.
Susan is two years older than I am.
It was just a joke.
Ann finished painting the picture.
The matter is all settled.
I am handsome?
I have never heard her sing.
I think it was a good day.
It was so cold yesterday I stayed home.
My English is so-so.
Tom is good to me.
He died of lung cancer.
Follow the street for about 50 meters, and you will see a post office.
The children slid down the bank.
I don't accept it.
Tom is a good guy.
It was Tom that saved the girl.
Orange juice, please.
Is your sister older than you?
That's the man who lives next door.
I only wanted to do some good.
May I have a napkin, please?
I'm Icelandic.
I didn't answer your letter, because I was busy.
You have to go.
We don't know him.
This is ice.
Raise up your left hand.
Hutongs are a type of narrow street, most commonly associated with Beijing, China.
I can't tell you how much we've missed you.
That coat may have cost a lot of money, but it's worth it.
Please take care not to break this vase.
We don't need to attend that meeting.
Everybody admired his courage.
She had scarcely finished speaking when he cut in.
I belong to a tennis club.
He had a strange dream last night.
I need a knife.
Do they speak French in Canada?
I couldn't speak Japanese.
You don't need to explain that.
Is this your homework?
I bet Tom and Mary have never even been to Boston.
The shower is broken.
You've got to be joking!
I heard her singing a song.
It rained yesterday so we didn't go.
A dragon lives inside the cavern.
The door is shut fast.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
I hope you will be quite well again before long.
The table is covered with powder.
I'm too full to move.
All that has happened before, and will happen again.
"Why aren't you going?" "Because I don't want to."
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood.
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.
The meeting will take place next Sunday.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is a fruit.
I think I agree.
You'd better not speak.
This plastic chair is very cheap.
The pen is on the desk.
The smoke went upward through the chimney.
This store is closed at nine.
He does not know how to drive a car.
Let Grandma take care of the kid.
It's difficult for me to read the book.
Don't speak till spoken to.
How is it you speak with such a stutter?
He gave me a postcard.
She is not always happy.
Tom would never have let us go if Mary hadn't gone with us.
I don't want to participate in the ceremony.
Let's call it a day today.
I felt quite relieved after I had said all I wanted to say.
Tom doesn't share Mary's enthusiasm.
Keep listening.
Until Thursday!
I looked into his eyes.
She ordered the book from London.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
Do you have some?
Tom got another letter from Mary today.
This is her book.
I have quit smoking and drinking.
Where's the emergency exit?
We regard him as the best player on the team.
Open your eyes.
We really appreciate their effort.
I know you think I'm crazy.
I missed the train by a hair's breadth.
Dan lied to his associates.
There used to be a church here.
He's got charisma.
The cat is not dead.
Prevention is better than cure.
You have four dogs.
She used the apples to make the jam.
I was awake early today.
We picked flowers in the garden.
Tom hates writing letters.
He bought a box of strawberries.
Tom is always tired.
That painting is a masterpiece of impressionist art.
If you press this button the window opens automatically.
Why don't we have dinner?
She hasn't eaten.
I quit smoking two years ago.
She spends much money on dresses.
Is it done?
It's free.
This room is too small.
I arrived in London.
Approximately thirty people were arrested.
The last one is mine.
Who broke this?
I don't fear death.
I was mistaken.
Sami has a minivan.
Are you going to sing?
We arrived to find a huge meal ready for us.
The books were ordered alphabetically.
Tom got the job on the strength of your recommendation.
She loves Tom, not me.
Her mother made her a new dress.
Father always has the tailor make his suits.
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel.
He's an idiot sometimes.
There are exceptions to every rule.
The question was impossible for us to answer.
His question remained unanswered.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture.
He took many pictures in London.
It is ten degrees below zero now.
Can you play any musical instruments?
She is already sleeping.
Tom is a very talented writer.
I'm not a poet; I couldn't write a single line to depict its beauty.
Let's go and see as many things as we can.
They got married recently.
Tom translated a letter from French to English for his boss.
Don't smile.
Just as if it were my tail, wherever I go, it goes too.
After she had lunch, she got ready to go out.
You can delete that now.
It is partly cloudy today.
You can say whatever you want to.
Is love just a game to you?
I am John.
Please add my name to the list.
Try not to worry about me.
May I use your toilet?
I subscribe to two newspapers.
I can't convince Tom.
Tom climbed down from the tree.
Sit down! Don't stand up.
Ask her when she will come back.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
I know you like sports.
I'll bewitch him into a frog!
You'll have to go there next time.
Is there a cafe?
He is what we call a walking dictionary.
Let's go indoors.
Under such circumstances, we cannot succeed.
I believe this type of medicine will help your illness.
He arrived here just now.
I guess you heard about what happened this morning.
There ought to be more buses during the rush hours.
Her pair of mountain boots are black.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
John should be here any minute now.
A picnic is easier on everyone if you use a paper plate.
Freedom is the center of American democracy.
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you.
I lived in Rome.
Wait!
Tell her that I am in France.
I lost my inspiration.
The piston does not come into contact with the cylinder cover.
He is making great progress in English.
We could do something big.
Somebody must care for the patient.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
It is true Wendy grew up at the seaside, but she isn't a good swimmer.
We were just talking about you when you called.
I bit my tongue.
You're very good-looking.
I ate your strawberries.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
Two children are sitting on the fence.
The "complete breakfasts" in cereal commercials always include cereal, milk, toast, and orange juice, but even Americans don't usually eat that much in the morning.
I don't want to miss my train.
Spanish is her native language.
My parents keep arguing about stupid things. It's so annoying!
Tom cried all the way home.
We believe in democracy.
It's nice to have friends.
The teacher told me to stand up.
I wash my hands.
My land abuts on the river.
Don't shoot the devil in the back. You might miss.
I'll get you whatever you want.
Oh, I was disconnected.
Has your friend divorced?
These flowers should be sheltered from the rain.
I like yellow.
Where's the toilet?
This game is easy.
I don't like it, either.
Don't you ever clean your room?
The person entering the store is my younger sister.
The horse stopped and refused to go on.
Some people like sports. Others don't.
I am engaged to her.
The only important things in life are love and work.
My telephone number is 789.
Please help me with my homework.
She has very neat handwriting.
Tom and Mary seem to have lost their passports.
Tell me what you use this for.
The athletic meeting will be put off.
The Jacksons are visiting us tomorrow afternoon.
She denied having met him.
Do you have siblings?
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
I have a great deal to do today.
There are no difficult things in the world, but only weak-hearted people.
He dipped his spoon into the soup.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
Carol will visit Miami next month.
I almost cried too!
You seem like a very smart person.
I hope it rains tomorrow.
I walked around aimlessly.
Are these all your books, Tom?
Tom abandoned hope.
Ken must be home by now.
America has the world’s largest economy, and its army is the most powerful.
Maybe he's already left Kyoto.
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.
Have you made up your mind where to go for the holidays?
Tom gave up all hope.
I still don't understand everything he says.
Look what happened.
I'd rather avoid it.
Be quiet, please! Don't make a sound.
You can take your time.
All the furniture was covered with dust.
There are three empty rooms. However, we can't use any of them.
So you can't even remember what you said?
Tom came on Monday and went back the day after.
I'm sorry I've kept you waiting so long.
I know you've been telling the truth.
Let's have a good birthday celebration!
It's almost three o'clock.
Let's play tennis after school.
He has a lot of influential friends.
Does Tom still want to go to Australia?
Here's something very important.
What sound does a giraffe make?
It will clear up in the afternoon.
Leave me a bit of ice cream.
Every team, without exception, was defeated.
She drank milk.
He won everything.
That's not important, is it?
Have you heard from him?
She wants a new dress badly.
The situation is very serious.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
I want to tell Mary I love her.
The color of her eyes is blue.
Tom went to Mary's house.
Our train is late.
Do you have children?
Love doesn't exist.
It's time to get some work done.
My surname is Zhou.
Why are you stuttering?
Tom drank some orange juice.
They got out of the car.
Due to bad weather, the plane arrived three hours late.
Why did you turn down his offer?
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct.
We have to turn in our reports by the end of this month.
Mary is tall.
He is terrible at math.
I've got to go to the hospital.
There was a castle here many years ago.
We're watching TV.
I guess I'll have to leave now.
Did you eat yet?
Please turn off your cellphone.
He cut the meat with a knife.
John took a key out of his pocket.
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy.
I arrived at the station on time.
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.
I bathe once a day.
He has a lot of money, but he is not happy.
This is a world where the sun doesn't shine.
It's business.
He writes books.
The horse is in the forest.
Please move back.
I know a lot of French words, but it's difficult for me to combine them into sentences.
Help me lift the package.
Are you sure you haven't forgotten anything?
Tom is acting as if nothing has happened.
Give me a little money.
I'm willing to attend the meeting.
This is hard for you, isn't it?
She was aching all over.
Did you go anywhere for the summer?
They blamed Tom for causing the accident.
We have snow in January.
I'm fed up with this.
Please allow me to go.
He bought some flowers.
He is a typical Japanese.
That guy is two-faced.
Many swallows will come soon from the south.
Red and blue - which one do you like?
How much money?
She teaches us French.
Can I go to the movies tomorrow?
Please tell him to wait.
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
I saw him run away.
Shanghai is so prosperous; notably it was after the port was opened for trade one hundred and sixty years ago that things started to change.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
I hope I can do that before I die.
I don't really like Xiaomi phones, and I think that they're for losers. They're like knock-offs.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
My hope for the new year is to study harder.
Smoking is prohibited here.
They say that I'm an old woman.
I'm looking for a part-time job.
I was frightened by the sight.
He taught me how to swim.
Is this the bus to Oxford?
Tom is going to kill Mary.
He himself did it.
Tom bought a mobile phone.
Light travels around the earth seven and a half times a second.
Tom never forgets to give his wife flowers on their wedding anniversary.
He is leaving the house at 8 o'clock.
We were attacked by swarms of bees.
He wants to go to America.
Naomi has just finished her work.
Both you and I are men.
He had the right idea.
There are many animals in the park.
He likes going to the beach occasionally.
How many books does he have?
How's the first day?
In that case, let's go.
I told Tom what to do.
I love jokes.
I feel always restricted here.
She has an oval face.
Why are you ignoring me?
The meaning of this sentence is obscure.
I don't understand him sometimes.
Mary said that she was divorced.
According to the police, no one died.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
That's too bad.
The boy feared the dark.
I am sorry, It's all my fault.
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.
He is in good health.
Let's take a picture.
Did you have another fight with Tom?
This paragraph is vague.
Tom identifies as queer.
He was meditating on his future life.
Have you spoken with Tom?
Felicja likes to watch TV.
That's a lie!
I don't have much money on me now.
There is someone in this room.
He also studies Chinese.
He talks like he's already read the book.
Where did you buy the shoes?
I can't find any logic to English spelling. “Ghoti” can be pronounced as “fish.”
This young man doesn't have work experience because he's just starting out.
The whole place was simply blotted out with the snow.
Where was he born and raised?
Where do you work?
Do I have to bring my son to your office?
I've never denied that I have feelings for you.
Park the car in the shade.
Could you show me the way to the bus stop?
This would be a terrible tragedy.
I play tennis every day.
Tom lost.
I love this song.
Let's just enjoy this peace and quiet.
I can't believe your parents let you come here by yourself.
She had an appointment with the doctor.
What are you girls doing?
I like China.
I left the door open.
Do it when you have time.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the doughnut phenomenon.
The train has already left.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Tom kicked Mary.
It's going to clear up soon.
Have you finished reading that book yet?
Sorry for being late.
You've got a great memory.
It became quiet again in the forest.
My son wants to become a professional golf player.
By the way, how many of you keep a diary?
He said, "I want to be a doctor."
I think Tom won't come.
Sunday is my rest day.
The polar bears are dying.
"Didn't you get married!?" "Oh, we split up. We broke our engagement."
You should try to form the habit of using your dictionaries.
She gave me a watch.
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza.
The airplane was flying above the clouds.
She made out the application for admission.
We ought to sort the students' names alphabetically.
Ideas matter.
May God be with you!
I can't find my ticket.
I can't speak French.
He's exactly my age.
I'm here to help you.
Are there really people like this?
Tom refused to even listen to my suggestions.
We had a good time playing chess.
Tom wondered what he could do.
I wish I could go to the party with you.
He can't tell the true from the false.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere.
Once in a while, we should take a step back and think.
She is a good dancer.
Carol is studying Spanish.
You're not a doctor.
I like learning various languages.
He hid behind the door.
Be kind to little animals.
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
That isn't the problem.
It seems that he's happy.
She married soon after graduating from university.
You are not answering the question correctly.
I love animal jokes.
Magnanimity is a great treasure; harmonious affinity with others is wonderful, Detachment from name and gain averts trouble; happiness makes older people feel young.
Now you should rest a little.
I don't have time to play games with you.
No, thank you. I'm full.
He speaks Chinese.
Can you lend me 10,000 yen?
He often quotes Milton.
Give me an orange.
He was born in Nagasaki.
I'm in a desperate situation.
I've had a good sleep.
"What happened to your nose?" "When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me, convinced that the car window was open, and bashed my face into it!"
You have done what you needed to do.
She kept her eyes closed.
How much do a dozen eggs cost?
Tom said you were angry.
Tom and Mary always work together as a team.
Be careful with it.
He came after ten minutes.
Every rose has its thorn.
He kicked the ball.
He likes reading science fiction novels.
She approved of my plan.
I like dogs, but my sister likes cats.
Tom and I see each other every day at school.
It's not that I don't like your English, but for me it's important to use every opportunity to practise Russian.
I don't know whether he will come or not.
In order to alleviate employment pressures, the nation has established a series of relevant policies.
What matters is whether you do your best or not.
They fought for their home country.
We should cancel the hike.
He held a seat for me.
No matter how much I think about it, I can't understand it.
I'm afraid you misunderstood me.
You should have visited Kyoto.
This is for you.
I just wanted to prove to myself that I could do this.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
Alice wasn't listening to her sister.
Tom taught me many things.
Tom did a lot of great things.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel hot.
Let's play tennis this afternoon.
A young girl on crutches asked Tom where he lived.
Each individual is different.
His father is in the garden.
Follow me!
Tom lost his car keys.
I'll be right there.
She's only a child.
I'll drop you off at the station.
It was so dark.
My father died when I was seven.
They played strip poker.
Friends today, enemies tomorrow.
She went to Mexico by herself.
I'd rather not say.
The girl released the birds from the cage.
Not all of the passengers escaped injury.
We want you to marry Tom.
I will go.
Let's try and see!
What country has the absolute advantage in the production of corn?
He carved a Buddha statue from wood.
Because you work so much, you are always very tired.
It's good now; neither too heavy nor too light.
I've been studying English for three years.
Hurry up, or you will miss the last train.
I believe in exercising regularly.
The weather was bad so the plane was delayed.
It's for your own good.
Having met the girl before, I recognized her at once.
I don't have many friends.
I'm on crutches since I broke both my legs.
He traveled around the country.
She didn't so much as look at me.
He does well in physics.
What's the daily fee?
How much does this umbrella cost?
This is Juan's car.
I don't want to stay here any longer.
My father grows rice.
It was cloudy yesterday.
It's about the size of an egg.
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
If you sang, they'd kick you out of the bar.
I'll get started right away.
The orphans were taken to the orphanage.
This is a fish.
This is the best pizza I've ever eaten.
Samuel helps anyone who asks him.
Drink this juice.
Let bygones be bygones.
I cannot put up with his arrogance.
We discussed the problem.
Tom lost his French textbook.
Tom's children can't speak French.
Toss it into the trash.
Did you really think I was going to help you?
Tom has never eaten raw horse meat.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
Father is away from home.
I saw him crossing the road.
The book was published in 1689.
Do you know which way to take?
She cannot be over thirty.
It's time to wait now.
Are you Italians?
My brother is very important. At least he thinks he is.
Who is the boss of this company?
Hardly had we come home when it began to rain.
The baby fell asleep in the cradle.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
It was terribly cold yesterday.
Could you send someone up to pick up some laundry?
I consider him my friend.
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.
The road to mastery is oh so long.
We have to pick a name for the child.
I know that downloading music from the internet without paying is wrong, but I do it anyway.
He's your senior fellow apprentice.
Tom got a computer virus while he was watching videos on dubious Internet sites.
She needs help.
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream.
Do you have deep sea phobia?
Do as you like.
I hear you passed the entrance exam. Congratulations!
Whose pens are these?
I don't feel like studying today in this heat.
You can stay here if you like.
I don't like working at the bank.
Tom never did that when he was younger.
The shop was crowded with young people.
I go to church every day.
He is Swiss.
Nobody wants that.
No matter what you say, I'm convinced that I'm right.
The story was very interesting.
We'll change trains at the next station.
I don't like to make mistakes.
My nickname is "Itch."
Betty is a dancing teacher.
He calculated the expenses.
Hanako and Taro went to eat some sushi.
I miss you very much.
No, thanks. I am tired.
Each family member is at home on Saturday morning.
You aren't as short as I am.
Why don't you take the day off?
It can be dangerous for young people to ride motorcycles.
It's my treat today.
We are anxious for peace.
The car won't start because the battery has run down.
Mutual understanding promotes peace.
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
Please leave me alone.
They were skiing.
She is fluent in English and French.
Never rush, or you risk doing things wrong.
His greatest fault is talking too much.
Though tears may flow down your face, I won't look back.
Tom's parents live in South America.
I hope he will recover quickly.
He sacrificed his life and betrayed the organization.
I am on the right.
I was able to help her.
The floor must be very clean.
This has shocked me.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
Mercury is a planet.
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
Wasn't that you?
How did the car accident come about?
My father, who is now working in the United States, wrote us a letter last week.
The phone rang when I was having lunch.
The job is not suitable for young girls.
She gave him a sweater.
He is often late for school.
We're all hungry.
I know that Tom is a coach.
There's no one sitting here.
The girl brought me a red and a white rose.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Don't open that.
I know a lot about ships.
Bread is made from flour.
These days I'm very busy.
Yes, I understand!
Nowadays, almost every home has one or two televisions.
I realized that putting this thing into practice was hard.
I wrote down his phone number.
He speaks poor French.
Is ten thousand yen enough?
Does he write English letters?
She gave me these old coins.
They are both very competent judges.
The road is slippery.
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
He married for money.
Which is the heavier of the two?
I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Who am I?
Speaking in French is fun.
"Does it taste good?" "Yes, it does."
I admitted that I didn't know how to do that.
Please don't cut me off like that.
David ate a lot of things.
Crossing guards are posted during school hours to guide children safely across busy streets.
He's accustomed to speaking to foreigners.
Xiao Wang, can I use your bike? Forget I said that, you are riding it!
Tom's fearless.
He has enormous potential.
Tom has been gone for ages.
I am interested in books.
This is the book you are looking for.
She cooks chicken the way I like.
He goes to school on foot.
English is spoken in America.
We're just about finished here.
Do I have to be hospitalized?
In spite of the fact that drinking alcohol damages their bodies, many people still like to drink it.
The snow is melting.
Who touched my gun?
Have a safe trip!
Can you put some suntan lotion on my back?
He offered his seat to an old woman.
The apples Tom sent me were delicious.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
Her novel was translated into Japanese.
Felicja is a native of Katowice.
I need more time to finish my homework.
Be on time.
We couldn't open the door because it was locked from within.
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience, with many historic buildings and tourist attractions.
Have a look at the world map.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
Tom loves dogs.
Americans are kind people.
Three bulbs have burned out.
His real name's Tom.
He said, "It's nine o'clock."
He runs faster than I.
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing?
The bus stopped, but no one got out.
You can see the stars with your naked eye, and even better through a telescope.
We're in a hurry.
I didn't know the woman at all.
Make sure you close the windows.
I like classical music more than modern music.
I am free of debt.
This plane takes off every day at 8 o'clock in the morning.
Do you know where Tom is waiting for us?
Fine!
The old man set off at a quick trot.
We had to pay ten thousand yen in addition.
This is my sister.
I'm fed up.
What goes around comes around.
You look busy.
Without you, I'm nothing.
Who's your favorite TV star?
He interrupted our conversation.
Don't ever underestimate Tom.
I wasn't drunk.
Tom gave Mary half of the apple.
Teaching is a profession of my own choosing.
Mesut Ozil is one of the best midfielders in the world.
There were ten police officers on the spot.
Has he met them today?
Even if an intelligent man loves a woman deeply, he will never show his love to her, but merely keep it in his heart.
He works in the planning section.
She gave birth to twin girls.
He valued the professor's advice.
Tom is going to run for mayor.
You worry too much about your weight.
I don't know how to go there.
My correction fluid has run out, so now I only write in pencil.
Do you know Mr. Brown?
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
We have not had a single drop of rain for two weeks.
In looking through the mist, I caught a glimpse of my future.
Two figures did not match.
Let's take turns rowing the boat.
Why did we fail?
This door will not open.
Does Father know you've broken his watch?
He caught me by the arm.
I paid three dollars for that book.
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
He needs money.
God willing...
Such questioning is routine police business.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
Tom looked pretty good.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
Would you please wait for a minute?
My mother didn't let me wear a miniskirt.
Ice melts in water.
When I was little, I would only wear pants.
Tom isn't at the hotel.
I can't remember who I gave it to.
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.
I am learning two foreign languages.
The neighbor didn't see anything.
She slept in the car.
Mike has two girlfriends.
I don't know if she wants to go with me.
Our team scored the first goal.
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard's Edition".
I'm 17, too.
Miho plays the piano better than Noriko.
He is always yelling at his children.
I want to do more.
What you said is completely correct.
The house was dead silent.
You'd better go to the infirmary.
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind, the tightrope walker fell to his death.
You only have two options.
I'm tired of her complaints.
I will help you as far as I can.
Is my time up?
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
Sorry, can I borrow it for a minute?
I learned to play the guitar when I was ten.
Why is everyone looking at me?
There aren't enough people!
What's going on with Tom?
They will contact us before midday today.
We hope a solution is found.
Tom put a cover over his car.
I bet it's fine tonight.
Do you really think that I look like Tom?
"Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state, a splendid affair of eternal standing".
He who helps others, in turn shall be helped by them.
The jacket, which I wanted, cost three hundred dollars.
This fork is dirty.
He ignored our repeated warnings.
I'm really not happy about it.
It is time to morph!
There's no air on the moon.
What did you want to do?
He always quarrels with his wife.
As long as you’ve prepared, you won’t have any problems.
Waaaa...
He couldn't go against his principles.
How much does an entrance ticket cost?
How long have you been staying in Osaka?
I can't swim at all.
This is going to become history.
They're vegan.
My apartment is on the fourth floor.
Let's eat some dessert, alright?
If anybody is still absent, please send their names to me.
He just got home.
Jim's father always comes home late.
I ignored her.
I never want to see her again.
Which is your favorite team?
There is a large temperature difference between day and night during this period of time.
The professor was unable to comprehend what I meant.
Hospital doctors don't go out very often as their work takes up all their time.
He departed without so much as saying good bye.
Take a better look at yourself.
Neither can I see anything.
Watch out for the drop.
I learned a lot from him.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
Tom likes cheese.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
Tom hasn't done anything.
They completely destroyed the image of the country.
I wonder if the sea levels will rise when the North Pole melts.
The students of this school are kind.
Aren't you hot?
He will leave Tokyo to go to Kansai in June.
Look back!
This last song is one I wrote for my wife.
Tom sent me there.
She seldom goes out.
My father doesn't drink so much sake.
He is not interested in art at all.
Tom is almost as tall as his father.
I visited the house in which Shakespeare was born.
Are there books in your house?
How much money do you spend in a month?
He's very fond of science fiction.
The weatherman's forecast is almost certainly wrong.
Do you speak Esperanto?
He is taller than me by a head.
I really want to speak English fluently.
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better.
Do you want to go?
I will never tell a lie from now on.
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
I discovered the truth.
We've sent the invitations yesterday.
She works very hard.
Tom certainly is a good teacher.
A permanent job is better than a temporary one.
Everybody needs to calm down.
This bread is very delicious.
Don't shoot.
It is difficult to give up smoking.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
The enemy won't get close.
I gained two kilos this summer.
I'll be back before lunch tomorrow.
He was arrested for drunken driving.
My sister has a nice piano.
I got acquainted with the chief executive.
He is quick at learning a foreign language.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
I can't talk to them right now.
Don't let that happen again.
Have you seen a brown wallet around here?
I'm sure you'll be back before long.
Without the slightest hesitation, he sold his own car.
Let's go back to lesson three.
Don't throw anything onto the floor.
Do you have an elevator?
We have to find out where Tom is.
My house was broken into last night.
Yanni showed up on Thursday.
I bought an e-bike.
Go to your room!
He's worried that he might be late.
This verb is normally used only in the third person.
I met him at the barber's.
Does Tom understand?
I'll be taking a vacation next month.
I made a few changes.
You're a student, too, aren't you?
When is school over?
I don't feel like playing either.
How could it be done without my knowing?
Tom came home early yesterday.
He gives some meat to the dog.
He might be young but he's trustworthy.
Humans only live about 70 years.
Never try to die.
There's no one but me here.
He played tennis.
Is that pure gold?
I'll call as soon as I am at the airport.
Thank you for inviting me.
I almost forgot all about that.
I am constantly forgetting names.
It'll rain tonight.
Life is half spent before we know what it is.
This box isn't as big as that one.
He stood me up; I waited all evening for him!
The barometer is an instrument that measures atmospheric pressure, especially used to study climate and to determine altitudes.
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
There is no one but knows that the earth is round.
Me without you is like a body with no soul.
I'm your deputy.
I came here to thank you.
I really miss my boyfriend.
You must consider what kind of work you want to do.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
The most logical place to keep your shoes is near the door.
Don't be a penny-pincher.
I appreciate your cooperation.
Remember Tom's advice.
We should have taken the schedule into consideration.
Many moons orbit around Saturn.
I think you are mixed race, because you look a bit Chinese.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet's capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
I'd rather die than marry you!
You were the one who told me it was safe here.
When I was your age, Pluto was a planet.
I often played tennis with her.
The amount of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States of America.
That's mine.
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air?
Leading a fulfilling life really comes down to a simple question: When you turn off the lights at night and your head is on the pillow, what do you hear? Your soul singing or Satan laughing?
Maybe, maybe not...
They both are wearing a hat.
We had a lot of snow last year.
What do we want?
To speak English is not easy, but it is interesting.
Say that again, please.
Who will it be?
Finally, the discord between them came to an end.
What on earth are you doing here?
My English is really bad.
I'm very happy.
It's not something that anyone can do.
I know that she is Spanish.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
I had my wallet stolen on the bus.
Could you tell me your name and your number?
Time is short, we must act NOW.
What time will the train get to Yokohama?
I heard the news that there had been a big earthquake in Awaji.
Excuse me, where are the eggs?
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
Tom is a fat man.
The atheist is confused.
I think that you ought to apologize to her.
They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
Write it quickly!
It is a matter of principle with him to answer your questions honestly.
There has never been a nation that was not eventually destroyed.
Tom didn't have any shoes on.
There's a band at my school.
There are more than 4,000 languages in the world.
Fire!
With the weather getting worse, the departure was put off.
Wow, it's snowing!
Has he arrived?
Thank you very much for your present.
No one comes to visit me anymore.
Of those, the one I use most often is a flashcard system.
Parks are to the city what lungs are to the animal.
I don't like studying in this heat.
What does the police officer do?
This time, although I'm more experienced, there's nobody waiting to meet me.
Don't include multiple alternative words inside the same sentence.
He sang a song.
The day after tomorrow is Tom's birthday.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
You're her daughters.
Tom showed up at about 2:30.
You just saved me a lot of time.
Your plans are very good, but mine are better than yours.
Is it right for a doctor to decide when someone should die?
He was chilled to the bone.
Could you please pass me the pepper?
I just want to find out what happened.
Tell Tom that I don't need his help!
I'm going to propose to her.
And I know the next thing you're going to say is: "How many people have you poisoned?"
He has gotten fat.
What bra cup size do you wear?
I received a letter written in English yesterday.
You are in the hospital.
I'm at Narita Airport right now.
TV plays an important part in everyday life.
Tom didn't know why Mary was tired.
I went to the hospital to see my wife.
He must have missed the train.
I used to play tennis in high school.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
To reach the North Pole is not easy.
I gave the beggar what money I had.
You cannot pull the wool over my eyes.
I wish we had more time.
He went to Boston by car.
The judge's decision is final.
Who hired you?
What do you call this vegetable in English?
Her grandmother lived to be 88 years old.
Countless stars were twinkling in the sky.
I often feel sad.
Where do they live?
It's a serious problem.
In a crisis, you must get in touch with your teacher.
I hate my computer.
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
The problem is that it wouldn’t work!
I can't explain it either.
One more bottle of wine, please.
They were given a hearty welcome.
A face with too much make up looks strange.
He pressed the button and waited.
For what purpose did he come here?
The police are looking into the matter.
The firemen soon put out the fire.
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China.
He's a tennis player.
His political career is done for.
Where is the milk tea?
This is atrocious weather.
Japan relies on Arab countries for oil.
Are there taxis around here?
I like walking at night.
I took the children to school.
An increase in customer complaints could signal a decline in business.
A new broom sweeps clean.
Why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience?
Fill the bucket with water.
His son is serving his sentence.
I'll give you this camera.
To know a language is one thing, and to teach it is another.
I'll remember you forever.
I have a fever.
Let us know whether you can come.
Not yet.
There's an upside to everything so it's unnecessary to focus on the good; on the contrary, we should instead be pushing for reversals because it's only through setbacks that we improve and see decisive opportunities clearly.
Mary was concerned that Oliver had a secret girlfriend.
You might meet him.
Tom, who had been working all day, wanted to have a rest.
Grace hasn't come yet.
Ha - this work finished! Let's go to next stage!
These materials are all reusable and recyclable.
Even though he's poor, he's happy.
Eat meat.
She works as hard as anybody does.
He's a Chinese citizen.
This is a very informative article.
You can stay here as long as you want to.
We were all greatly amused by his jokes.
Dad can blow many smoke rings.
The smallest child knows such a simple thing.
I feel cold.
Do you know what it is like to be really hungry?
I'm not living with him anymore.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
That isn't why I did that.
Back then, people communicated using smoke signals.
Do you want to know why I quit?
Tom is our oldest son.
It's you I've come for.
Tom asked if I'd found my key.
I wish she had come last night.
You're sick. You have to rest.
He somewhat resembles his father.
I felt obligated.
Are there any markets or supermarkets around here? Is it convenient for daily shopping?
Mama had a crippled face.
Take one four times a day, after meals.
My watch needs to be repaired.
Pass me that object.
Speaking of Mr. Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that's what we do for fun.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
Action!
I knew that that was Tom.
My son is now as tall as I am.
Have a nice trip!
The men's room is on the second floor.
What did you eat for breakfast?
Water is important for people.
Yuko has never spoken with a foreigner.
I tried forgetting.
His salary rose 10%.
Good day, how are you?
I have been studying English for three years.
What's your sign?
I'm just back from the UK.
I've just finished eating breakfast.
Is breakfast ready?
Let me handle this.
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
It's extremely ugly.
Fur coats are on sale.
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.
As far as I'm concerned, things are going well.
Tom managed to find a new job.
He is human.
I don't like beer that much.
Give it a go!
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
You shouldn't give in to temptation.
She is her mother's match in character.
I am too old for this world.
A fire broke out during that night.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
Good, good, next time use a bit more effort and you'll succeed.
He is an expert in the area of city planning.
Tom won.
I wasn't talking about him.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
You must not run in the school buildings.
The poet and scholar is dead.
Talking during a concert is rude.
As a result of the war, many people died.
The boy was full.
Tom really loves animals.
We'll buy a new car next week.
It is time for you to go to bed.
Otherwise, it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand, because the left hand is used for bathing.
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
Italian is my mother tongue.
I've forgotten his name.
We hadn't so much as heard of her name.
Can you tell me where the nearest bus stop is?
If he had been a little more careful, the accident would have been avoided.
I think I may have made a big mistake.
There is an album on the shelf.
He can speak 10 languages.
I've seen it.
We're worried about Grandma and Grandpa.
He is a man of ability.
You can trust him to keep his word.
Language keeps in step with the times.
The boss has already approved of our plans.
He equates wealth with happiness.
I'll miss you all so much.
It was impossible to find an answer.
Thank you ever so much.
She made elaborate preparations for the party.
Why don't we help them?
The enemy has attacked us.
He says he knows her.
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.
You're very beautiful.
Can you think of something better?
It is dangerous for children to play near this pond.
I'm Susan Greene.
I quickly ate lunch.
I want brown shoes, not black ones.
She asked him questions.
Is there anything else you want from me?
The cost of living has gone up.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Many friends saw him off.
We had a heart-to-heart talk with each other.
Who are you working for?
She always believes in me.
Do you take pride in your work?
I met him while he was coming home.
Bob could not control his anger.
Do you sell this type of wallets?
I can't go with you because I'm very busy.
I didn't know that he was Japanese.
Learning should not be forced, but rather encouraged.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
You're not my friend anymore.
Tom just got back from Australia.
When the cat is away, the mice will play.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
You're a good painter, aren't you?
Please go on with your story.
He is very sick.
I have heard the story.
Good morning!
He keeps two cats.
I have brown hair.
In those days, a cup of coffee cost 200 yen.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
Tom began talking.
I am coming on Saturday.
Cathy, please stay out of my way for a while.
Tom didn't know why Mary left so early.
The movie gained her great popularity.
I'm not waiting for anyone.
I know how old you are.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
How can we put it into practice?
He left to replace his father.
Mary is fluent in five languages.
He said he was angry, and that he wanted to go home to eat dinner.
They are satisfied with the contract.
He called a taxi for me.
Listening to the personal analysis about global economy made by people who watch only CCAV has always been kinda funny.
I'll write a sentence in German.
Is that why you don't like her?
Crazy!
Tom is married.
Tom slipped out of the classroom.
Is the water in the glass clean?
Before you put the noodles in the pot, you have to break them up into small pieces.
He's talking very sweetly to her.
Yerevan is Armenia's capital.
He is rather poor at tennis.
I often have nightmares.
Let me check your ticket.
Don't hesitate to ask questions.
Five times two equals ten.
Please don't speak English when I am around, OK?
Her parents are very beautiful, but she looks ordinary.
This letter is wrongly addressed.
They're trying to keep costs down.
They go to church every Sunday.
Instead of him, my brother was arrested.
Tom showed up just in time.
Tom didn't go.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Leave me.
Japan is lacking in raw materials.
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Now, what do you want to see?
How dare you say that!
You are busy; I can do it myself.
One hundred and fifty thousand couples are expected to get married in Shanghai in 2006.
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
It's easy to see the fireworks from over there.
The patient's injuries aren't life-threatening.
I saw him running.
He can speak English, and also French.
Japan is a country surrounded by the sea on all sides.
Who? Me?
I would rather quit than work under him.
Winter is here, and the weather's getting cold.
Slender and form-fitting with a high cut, the new qipao contrasted sharply with the traditional one.
Tom sits at his computer eight hours a day.
One step forward is a step towards civility.
Why did you paint the bench red?
It's five and you're still not in bed! You just came back from the bar, didn't you?
He's clearly the best player in the team.
She sent me the enclosed check.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
The girl is doing homework.
Ken is good at swimming.
The man is old.
I wish you a speedy recovery.
We're going to stay there all week.
Blessed are the pure in heart.
Although I had ordered tea, he served me coffee.
Tom was sent to the worst prison in the country.
Obey your parents.
What did they say?
Mary dressed up as a witch.
Would you lend me some money?
I want you to show me how to do that.
Balls are round.
Here comes the bus.
Mary knelt down.
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
She was accused of telling a lie.
How about some more roast beef?
Why are you being so evasive?
Words cannot describe how much I love you.
Is it OK if I hug you?
Show me your ankles.
When does your new store open?
Son, stop always getting so close to strangers. It's very dangerous!
This was a warning: the floods were coming.
At best he may take third place.
I consider him a great writer.
How is this airline?
How many teams are there?
She doesn't live there any more.
In any case, I've finished writing the article.
Your situation isn't hopeless.
She has gained weight.
Never be afraid of making mistakes.
Japan is in Asia.
It hasn't rained.
I'm going to drop in on her next week.
You're the tallest one.
Do you think Tom knows Mary is married?
The tickets for this attraction can only be bought online.
This magazine comes out every month.
Like any company, we've got to look ahead and plan for the future.
Those fated to meet will do so regardless of distance. Those not fated will not, even if they are across from one another.
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.
They are wrong.
I know that money isn't everything.
They married in secret.
Is it snowing?
France's currency was the franc, and its symbol was ₣. While it is no longer used in France, francs are still in use in some former French colonies such as Guinea.
Winter is gone.
Tom doesn't have a fever.
My pet cat died yesterday.
What time are you going on duty?
He studied very hard.
Which schools is Buddhist thought divided into?
Tom has very broad shoulders.
What do you usually do in your spare time?
I learned English words by heart all day yesterday.
Once across the river, you are safe.
I'm sure you'll never regret it.
What am I to do now?
In reality black is not a color; it is the absence of color.
My father is healthy.
He has as many books as his father does.
Tom is really handsome.
Please give me something to eat. I am so hungry.
I said open the door.
Greek is difficult to learn.
He is moody and difficult to get along with.
We have a five percent chance of success.
To have a bed is better than not having one.
Henry James was an American by birth.
Then what shall I do tomorrow?
What is philosophy?
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
There was a minute of silence and then everybody started screaming.
To be very honest with you, I don't think I can do that.
I am not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
The weather will change for the worse this afternoon.
We should help each other.
I hurried to the house only to find it empty.
She wept all the night.
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
Are you home?
Fuck!
Tom followed me.
Tom is a funny man.
Tom doesn't run as fast as Bill.
He's always punctual.
Do you have a soup dish?
We ate together.
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
I should probably tell Mary that she should do that as soon as possible.
You can never know what will happen.
When are you taking your exam?
Can you wrap it up for me? It's a gift.
I'm your roommate Paul.
Take it, or leave it.
Why are you guys so angry?
My brother hides his porn magazines under his mattress.
Tom likes asparagus, but his brother doesn't.
That house appears deserted.
The company manager decided on the work plan.
God protects you all.
The recent shortage of coffee has given rise to a lot of problems.
How old will you be next year?
The world is beautiful.
Tom has found another stray dog.
You should seriously consider working here.
Tom might do that today.
Don't call me again.
He is an atheist.
I applied for a job as a lifeguard at the community pool.
Tom is just the man I've been looking for.
You have foul breath.
Tom told me that he has no intention of marrying you.
Have you traveled anywhere recently?
I need to go at it harder.
My head aches.
You may use my dictionary.
She showed me around the campus.
Nobody asked.
They say there are ghosts in this old house.
He rested for a while.
I don't want to have this fight.
It's been two months since he left for France.
He cannot afford to buy a car.
Her hair is long and beautiful.
Protect me!
He has gone to Britain.
Is there any salt left?
These plums are ripe.
That was 2 points.
Are you certain?
What's your native language?
I bought the book which the children need.
Even when one is being praised, modesty is important.
I don't like this. Show me another.
There are so many people at this concert.
The ship made slow progress against the strong wind.
He has not come yet. Something may have happened to him.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
Life is a long, long road.
None of them are drivers.
Don't you know what happened yesterday?
Show me another example.
Eating fish is good for your health.
Love and Peace.
Please don't shoot.
Strike while the iron is hot.
The bus stop is located right outside where I live.
Spinoza was a pantheist.
This kind of cloth is both cheap and sturdy.
It happened a long time ago.
Our school is very close to the park.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
We should have stayed at home.
A wooden building can easily catch fire.
Mmm, but you must wait for me.
I understand everything you said.
If I get rich, I will buy it.
Nobody could give the correct answer.
I advised him to be independent of his parents.
The dog's dead.
Where is the newspaper?
Are you related to the Nagashima family?
There's nothing good on television.
I don't know what it's like to be homesick.
Ted loves his wife Elizabeth.
This bird can't fly.
I am rich, fat and happy.
I can't judge distance.
Tell me when to begin.
I gave up smoking for the sake of my health.
I think you're ready.
I didn't know Tom didn't have a driver's license.
He gave her everything.
Is there someone here who speaks English?
We saw the children enter the room.
No drinkers allowed.
There is a hospital nearby.
I can't focus on two things at the same time.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
I'm going to school.
Be sure to drop us a line as soon as you get to London.
Could you call me back later?
He put his helmet back on.
He complained of the dish tasting bad.
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July.
I don't dare tell him such a thing.
Running is good for your health.
"My mother's American, and my father is Uighur." "Really?" "No! I was joking!"
We are waiting for him to make another decision.
Father is a good person.
Excuse me. Do you have to wait?
I felt light as a feather.
Next to China, Switzerland is an abandoned village.
At first, I thought they were sick.
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
You didn't leave yet.
I expect your help.
He is completely wrong.
He was elected mayor again.
It took a lot of time and money to build the machine.
I need my coat.
There isn't any solution.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
You owe me something.
It looks like a duck.
I never regretted having helped him.
He likes reading the Chinese book his father wrote in America.
This blue sweater is very pretty.
I left Japan ten years ago.
Kate was forced to read the book.
She hardly speaks English.
She is able to speak ten languages.
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
She respects her teacher a lot.
Her husband is currently living in Tokyo.
Tom won't even know what you did until it's over.
You're ten times heavier than I am.
I'll phone you in a few days' time.
Zeelandic is a regional language.
The American mission is to eliminate communism from the world.
I don't want to hear any more of your complaining.
How was the French class?
How many oranges did Tom eat?
Linda likes eating chocolate.
The shop closed at 5.
Do you need our assistance?
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
There are twenty-four hours in a day.
Do you like Japanese food?
He was watching TV last night.
Divide the candies among you.
I've lived away from home for a long time.
My scalp is very itchy.
She stared at a UFO in silence.
The leaves on the trees rustle gently in the wind.
We want world peace.
She made him a new coat.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
It's wrong.
The building has 20 floors.
He speaks only English and German, neither of which I understand.
My watch is very precise.
I must go now.
I just don't like it.
Her boyfriend is an idiot.
It is food.
Tom has been quite cooperative.
The way I see it, he is right.
I liked teaching French.
I need to fix my bicycle.
I'm dead tired.
The French were defeated at Waterloo.
A cat has a tail and four legs.
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not?
You are too indifferent to those around you.
She has a big butt.
I followed him into his room.
The first time feels like a sunny day.
The experiment was successful.
The old man bribed a young girl with money and jewelry.
Where can I take a taxi?
Tom stayed home.
I've been here many times before.
That takes care of that. Nothing else needs doing.
The city fell into ruins.
I'll call you my boss.
Ken keeps two cats.
I often went fishing with him.
That boy is running.
Loving and being loved are the most joyful things in the world.
I still can't believe they had a snow leopard in that zoo. I thought they were an endangered species.
Do you want to go to the station with me?
I am out of time.
He has written a book, however, he has no money to publish it.
I'll wait for you in the car.
You bought a new house.
You'd better not wait here.
I agree with him.
I should clean my room.
That will change nothing.
I walked 10 kilometres today.
Do you think it's appropriate to talk like that?
Welcome to Canada!
You like it?
Let me ask a stupid question.
Hollywood isn't what it used to be.
Bob can cook.
Mary is having a siesta.
I met your parents yesterday.
Damn! Swiss trains have everything!
He is reading books.
I know you like to travel, Tom.
The old man sits on the bench.
The weather was not only cold, but also wet.
There's someone in the toilet.
This box is filled with apples.
You'd better get away from here at once.
Is 6 o'clock OK?
In addition, we will issue the 'employee of the month' award afterwards.
I talked with her for an hour.
The “One Only Child Parent for Two Children” policy is already in effect in Shanghai. In the future, it's possible that it will be implemented throughout China.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao, a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind.
There are too many people in the park.
I rode a horse for the first time yesterday.
The curry at this restaurant is good.
He knocked his opponent out.
It will snow tomorrow.
I want to talk with your uncle.
Tom snickered at Mary.
The black cat ran quickly.
If the Earth went into an Ice Age next month, how would you prepare?
The car was going forward.
Sorry, I couldn't find my seat.
Your words must correspond with your actions.
It's incredible that your mother speaks six languages!
You can't equate nationalism with fascism.
The sky became darker and darker.
I think Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom was replaced by Mary.
You must start immediately.
He works in a big city hospital.
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.
I'll phone you later.
Mum says that I speak too fast.
She doesn't have a driving licence.
"Did it help?" "A little."
The boy has an apple in his pocket.
We needed to learn French.
This is uniquely good.
Cowards die many times before their deaths.
Tom and Mary are looking for a place to stay.
The time will come when you will regret it.
Do you have a blog?
The fire burnt down four houses in the east of the city.
The piano was out of tune; it sounded very bad.
This book is too expensive for me.
Afterwards, he set off for Villain Valley.
He played the part of Hamlet.
The weatherman says there is a storm on the way.
Do you have a student ticket?
How is your last name written?
If you ever come back to me, I'll never treat you badly again.
Won't somebody please think of the children?!
Can you fill in for me at the meeting?
Many young men went to war.
My son's in the third grade.
He talks as if he knows everything.
I beg you.
A little learning is a dangerous thing.
I wish I could stop hiccuping.
Julia's native language is Italian.
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.
He is exploring the possibility of all escapes.
I'm so tired.
Nancy cannot have told a lie.
The movie was really good.
We have plenty of time tonight.
We have to be done with everything by Thursday morning.
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines.
We kept our fingers crossed.
I have so many ideas.
That day shall come.
December has thirty-one days.
We don't know where she is.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
Our train leaves at eight-thirty.
Why don't I call you?
Did you really think I would help you?
She runs every day. She is very healthy.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
I've been hanging out with him.
They are all of a size.
A man's happiness doesn't depend on what he has, but on what he is.
Mary has failed again, but the good thing is that she is still very young.
I lived in Nagoya for over a month.
Cars have four wheels.
Modern art isn't interested in me.
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.
If you're not on Facebook, you don't exist!
She devoted all her spare time to fishing.
He is very good at playing violin.
I'm sorry for the late response.
The poor man has no relatives.
This is a great place to start.
She was wearing a red skirt.
Health is more important than wealth.
I couldn't hear you.
She put the magazine on the table.
Have a look.
The importation of rare wild animals to this country is strictly prohibited.
Bill, open the door.
He likes to smoke in the toilet.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
Don't thank me, thank Tom!
She stirred her coffee with a teaspoon.
My acquaintance with his works is slight.
My mother hates writing letters.
We should abolish the death penalty.
He is an author.
Their losses reached one million yen.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
Sit down.
Why is life so full of suffering?
J.F. Kennedy was buried in Arlington Cemetery.
It's very easy.
He likes smoking in the toilet.
There is nothing like cold beer on a hot day.
Shortly after the accident, the police came.
Vegans smell better.
She liked the new dress.
I need to give you an injection.
We've gone to the park to take photos.
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work.
What's the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
It took John about two weeks to get over his illness.
History develops through the replacement of the old by the new.
I'll gladly pay you anytime.
We didn't notice her sorrow.
Thanks for stopping by.
Did Tom talk to Mary?
He cannot swim.
Are you still at home?
They are about the same age.
The girl brushed past me.
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
Who are your most interesting friends?
I know that that's not true.
Are you wearing a watch?
I know how to do it.
This camera was made in Germany.
When you do not know if someone really loves you as much as you love him, it is very hard to truly love him.
The volcano erupted suddenly, killing many people.
You should learn more.
I must get there by 9 o'clock.
The wound on Tom's leg has healed.
I get tongue-tied in front of you.
Newspapers, magazines, and newscasts tell what is going on in the world.
Why are you not eating?
Look out! There's a hole in the road.
I got bitten by mosquitoes.
I opened the window slightly.
Excuse me, is there a toilet nearby?
If the lady desires, 20% discount is possible.
Do you need to wash fresh vegetables?
Don't bother your parents with such a pointless thing.
What was it we were talking about?
She was busy with housework.
New York is accessible by train from Washington.
Set it down there.
I wish I hadn't bought this.
Did Tom tell you where he was going?
I'm determined to carry out this plan.
His house is cleaned thoroughly once a week.
I was absent from the party.
What colour is this cat?
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine.
Where shall we meet?
Where is the hammer?
He helped me to overcome the difficulties.
I will never forget your kindness so long as I live.
He will forever live on in our memories.
I viewed my action as a crime.
The book is full of far-flung theories without any basis in scientific fact.
What music do you like?
I'm doubling my prices.
I can recommend this book to you.
You should have woken me.
I'm gay.
Tom certainly is an interesting person.
You have nice skin.
The ice was thick enough for me to walk on.
I believe that he's happy.
Have you ever traveled by plane?
Tom is the same age as me.
It took us a long time to decide what we really wanted to do.
He must be over sixty.
You know very well what I want.
Tom has no idea why his wife left him.
She set out on a trip last week.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
Don't worry. We have plenty of water and food.
I'm a woman.
All you need to do is just sit here.
I want to go to school.
For how many days will you be staying in Beijing to study?
We swam by the lake.
What do you know?
This project is a gold nugget.
The neighbor's dog is dangerous.
Let's meet in front of the theater.
I'm proud of you.
He always keeps his room clean.
All of you did good work.
She wants to drink red wine every day.
My father is so old that he is hard of hearing.
My mother was disappointed by my failure.
Yesterday was what day of the week?
They had a baby last week.
Do you want to know why I lied to Tom?
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
Where is the hotel?
Dark bread is popular in Germany.
I think that they're a lot of fun.
Don't touch the goods.
What do you call this flower?
All men are equal under the law.
How many years did Tom work here?
"Will you have some more coffee?" "No, thanks. I've had enough."
Get the hell out of here!
Please choose one person.
How much did you pay for the dress?
You sing songs to me.
I'm a homosexual woman.
Tom will regret that sooner or later.
He repeated his question.
The road is too narrow for cars.
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
I, as well as he, am not convinced.
What kind of woman do you think I am?
Don't sit on the cement floor.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
Tom asked Mary about John.
I'm not really sure.
You are responsible for the result.
It is not what you read but how you read that matters.
You're working hard.
She is absorbed in rock music.
Driving a car is really very simple.
There are almost no books.
How much money do you have hidden under your bed?
She was a Brown before she got married.
He'll be a good husband.
He goes to Karuizawa every year.
A beautiful lake lay just beyond the forest.
Who will console her?
I miss you a lot.
He got out from under the car.
I gave my sister a doll.
Let's take a brief look at this topic.
Sorry I didn't e-mail you sooner.
We were deeply moved by her story.
Now I'm preparing to go back to Shanghai.
Destroy one's bridges after one has crossed the river.
Can I ask you a question?
I want to call my mom.
I'm a hero.
Tom doesn't like cats.
He is nothing but a poet.
The meeting will end tomorrow.
No less than three hundred dollars was needed for the work.
Through the Internet, we can make many friends.
Did you drink water today?
They installed a vending machine at work.
Do you know where he was born?
Very strange.
I'll take your suitcase to your room.
Where is your other younger brother?
I think Tom can't win.
She said that she had to help him.
Tom already knew that.
When will the most probable hypothetical accident occur?
How was your trip?
Open the bottle.
His concert was very good.
Let me out!
A satellite was launched in Russia last year.
A series of blasts reduced the laboratory to ruins.
I think Tom should go on a diet.
Tom didn't come and Jane didn't come either.
Do you know how to play the organ?
But I dare to say that it is better to face those few but powerful interests, rather than eventually facing the fury of society.
The king governed the country.
They didn't find the bomb.
She's a woman.
I only do what I'm paid to do.
I don't like people talking about me behind my back.
She is taller than me.
I got a low score on the test.
I don't really read newspapers.
There is a post office close by.
I like jazz music.
Please write down what he says.
Who is he?
When you go abroad, it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language.
Do you sell this style of wallet?
He took care of the business after his father's death.
I've completely forgotten your name.
I think everybody should learn another language.
Just as he was going out, there was a great earthquake.
My bike is stolen.
What got him so upset?
Focus on your studies.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Have you lost your way?
Everybody's here.
I like travelling.
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
They're at the bar drinking beer.
I went to the airport by taxi.
Whose fault is it?
Tom told me that I should do that.
Tom is as tall as any student in his class is.
Mary is sitting at the desk.
Who are you calling stupid?!
Her words gave me hope.
Did you forget anything?
Live a riotous life.
Someone must've stolen your watch.
Please take off your shoes.
Tom told me that he didn't win.
I'm looking for my cat.
Would you like to go see a movie with me?
I have already washed the dishes.
She called out to us for help.
I have little money with me.
She wrote a book about birds.
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I was born and raised in Tokyo.
The weather is getting cold.
She will survive.
He is angry with you.
I don't like the way you talk to me.
He didn't open the door for her.
Your behavior is intolerable.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
Why were you absent yesterday?
Tom isn't a racist.
Is this ticket good for this bus?
I suspect Tom is tired of doing that.
Whose glass is this?
We elected her captain of our team.
You shouldn't judge a man by his appearance.
She's a stubborn girl.
What is the title of your new book?
They like fruit.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
Do you have any friends that are doctors?
Could you speak more slowly, please?
I know that Tom and Mary are thirsty.
At the meeting he monopolized the discussion and completely disrupted the proceeding.
Did Tom win?
He was injured in a car accident.
We know everything.
Hemingway enjoyed big game hunting in Africa.
The revolution ushered in a new era.
You must leave now.
I just didn't want to go to work yesterday.
Why didn't you call me last night?
Tom said Mary was hungry.
Both of her cheeks turned red.
Many people only speak one language.
Ken stands on the diving board.
I can't go, nor do I want to.
Don't come near me.
I work every day except Sunday.
I got a stomach tumor and had to have it operated on.
Is it tasty?
Are you thirsty?
You have to be patient about your recovery.
Do you know the value of fear?
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.
It took months.
Do you have it?
Previously people believed the earth was flat.
It's dangerous to swim in this river.
I think I shouldn't have asked Tom to do that.
Tom always makes me laugh.
Tom felt his heart beating faster.
Jane is out shopping.
Cows are grazing in the meadow.
I am nervous and scared.
What time will you get back? I'll treat you to a meal.
You thought I was through doing that, didn't you?
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
I usually have dinner at seven.
She always buys expensive clothes.
Sami is very old.
I love movies.
I bought an old lamp.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
Will you excuse me for just a moment?
Mary bought the mousepad.
And now?
This is my first husband's second wife.
It was very far.
Why are you speaking loudly?
This is simplified Chinese.
The butler announced Mr. and Mrs. Smith.
Can she endure a long trip?
People must love one another.
Was there such a thing?
I cannot accept this plan.
I don't know when he'll come.
She washed her dog.
Tom owns a yellow sports car.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He is a good student.
What are you cooking?
I love rock music.
Pardon all but thyself.
Brazil is the biggest country in South America.
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.
I'm busy today.
They got into the train.
Pass me the salt, please.
If I have a lot of money, I'll buy a new car.
The accident occurred on Friday.
I'm not a native speaker.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
Stupidity is riding a bike that doesn't have brakes.
I like to drink natural mineral water.
Mary went to Boston, didn't she?
I'll stay home.
I ran across an old friend near the bank.
What time do you leave for school?
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.
There's no rush.
I have been warned against going there.
We have to be there an hour in advance to get our tickets.
The shards of thought were scattered on the ground.
There's a row of ants coming in and out of the kitchen.
Much of what they wrote about never happened.
Don't touch this.
I already talked to this student.
Wow! That's cheap!
See you soon!
I am not satisfied with the result at all.
I want to eat fresh fish.
You're disgusting!
I want to listen to popular music.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
That is why he got angry.
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.
Since that time we have not seen him.
The media has only discussed one thing in the last few months; the economic crisis.
I have a problem urinating.
I saw the person I expected standing there.
It was Marie Curie who discovered radium.
Tom has admitted he was there that night.
Don't scare me like that!
Kill them.
He is a student, he studies Chinese at the Università degli Studi di Parma.
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.
Nobody knew where he went.
Please put your shoes on.
To read books is important.
Tom wanted to punish me.
How much is the late fee?
My uncle comes to see me from time to time.
Mary came in.
I love aubergine.
I've worn holes in my socks.
I said to myself, "That's a good idea."
Money is not everything.
Let's see what fate has prescribed.
I'm on the way home.
The lie got him in trouble when his boss found out the truth.
Suddenly rain began to fall.
Do you have any tattoos?
Will you show me your photo album?
We had a good time last night.
I don't care the slightest bit what others think.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
Tom doesn't like eating vegetables.
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.
Tom doesn't like to play poker at all.
Do you have any idea when the bank closes?
One generation builds the street that the next will travel on.
He will come back.
I didn't think Tom would be scared.
Be careful, Tom!
This tree is tall.
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
The fire went out by itself.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
How many arithmetic books are left?
Tom likes football.
She gave in to the temptation.
We're having fun.
You are the most beautiful flower of my life.
He had almost fallen asleep when he heard someone call his name.
In case anything happens, call me immediately.
We also went to the temple.
The Shinano River is longer than any river in Japan.
Not in there.
Turn off the TV.
Stephen O'Brien, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, has said that more than 20 million people faced the threat of starvation and famine in Yemen, Somalia, South Sudan and Nigeria.
Human tissue is made up of cells.
He is included among my friends.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Her mother died on her birthday.
If there is something you don't understand, then ask.
Tom rolled up his pant legs so people could see his bright red socks.
This brand of mouthwash tastes weird.
We still have plenty of time left.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
Please send it to me by fax.
Perhaps we could get a drink sometime.
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.
It occurred to me that he might be an industrial spy.
Jesus is your son, Mary!
This wine is very good.
I speak nothing but the truth.
I'm absolutely sure!
You're always criticizing me.
She can play the drum.
Cats can climb trees, but dogs can't.
Every now and then we do that.
I admit I'm wrong.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
Dad says the most important thing is that I'm alive.
You aren't allowed in this room.
There are no less than five hundred students here.
The school was established in 1650.
It seems that you aren't having a good time here.
Mrs. White broke into tears when I told her the news.
I can't convince them.
Don't break a mirror.
Don't use computer translation.
He is in the library.
My big sister wants to kill me.
I want to live forever.
The door opened slowly.
Have you ever been to Kobe?
I can't find my bag.
She invited me to dinner.
They were persecuted.
Bill took the blame for the loss.
I am relieved that you are safe.
I have a slight fever.
May I see the room, please?
Who was it that forgot to lock the door of the warehouse?
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
I died.
I admit that he is right.
On February 14 Americans celebrate St. Valentine's Day.
Spanish is their native language.
Strange to say, no one voted for the candidate.
I must catch the first train.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
At last he attained his goal.
He introduced me to his parents.
Space travel will be commonplace some time in the future.
I don't like her either.
Sometimes it's fun to creep yourself out thinking about it.
The fire fighters put out the fire.
You should take a day off.
Yes. I have to read it by tomorrow.
She can never keep a secret.
She's your friend.
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse.
They raised their voices.
What kind of shoes does this factory make?
We're getting a new car next month.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking.
I've got a toothache. I just can't bear this pain anymore.
I hope I can see you at Christmas.
I want half of a salmon.
Don't smoke. Smoking can shorten your penis.
My bad habit is to give money conditionally and to give thanks unconditionally. Yours?
She sets your world alight.
Words fly, texts remain.
We were shown all of their family photos.
She can speak Portuguese.
Business is business.
He is already skilled in both math and literature.
I'll need at least three days to translate that thesis.
I don't know your heart.
He knows where we are.
What would our lives be like without electricity?
Mary has three kids now.
I'll give you a little tip.
On Mid-Autumn Day, families gather, eat moon cake together, and watch the moon.
This country successfully detonated a atomic bomb.
Is there anything that worries you right now?
We can't afford to make mistakes.
Which translation of this book do you think is better? The French one or the English one?
He thought to himself, "No!" Aloud he said, "Yes."
I studied last night.
She called me up very late last night.
Now, I also enjoy it.
Tom can't play tennis.
The dog bolted away like a bullet.
French isn't my first language.
He would have his own way.
We drink everything.
The bottle fell and broke.
Do you like my T-shirt?
I can't understand why Tom doesn't want to go with us.
This boy is very lazy.
There are a lot of parks in London.
How's life in Germany?
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
You had better take an umbrella with you.
Bill will return next week.
The problem has been solved.
I think it'll turn out fine.
Susan shined her father's shoes.
"'Story'?" the woman asked. "What do you mean?"
I bumped into him in London.
Tom was the only one who was punished.
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.
Learn Uyghur!
Where did it happen?
She withdrew her head from a window.
Sami is not crazy.
If you were a squirrel, what would you do?
He easily solved the problem.
Please help yourself to some fruit.
I don't know how to express my thanks.
I don't have a bathing suit.
The little girl opened the window.
Can you pass me the milk?
Let's get together again!
I'm still sleepy.
Please repeat.
Venus' atmospheric pressure is very high.
We want to analyze your urine.
You should've stayed in Australia.
She still went to work even after getting pregnant.
Who is the girl at the door?
I think Tom is getting ready.
They went to the station by car.
Are you going to be there?
Call the police.
She cried all bloody night.
It was only a joke.
He must have taken the wrong train.
I got a letter from her today.
I ate french fries.
Please keep in touch.
I dislike big cities.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
Our baby can't talk yet.
Japanese children brought up overseas sometimes face great difficulty in adjusting themselves to Japanese schools after returning, even though they have a perfect command of Japanese.
Tom can't speak much French.
Do you like rain?
The sign '&' stands for 'and'.
I'm not rich enough to buy cheap stuff.
Who's going to do that?
Where did that injury on your foot come from?
Lots of famous people come here.
The teacher assigned us ten problems for homework.
The present time is a good time.
As far as I could make out, he was experimenting with new methods.
I noticed that she was wearing new glasses.
Drink water.
I met him just as he was coming out of school.
What did you have for lunch?
I believe in him.
Whose is this?
I am folding my dress.
Do you like to drive?
No one in the class runs as fast as he does.
Do you have a pencil?
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.
The fact that television frequently limits communication within families is already well known.
The car broke down after half an hour's driving.
Don't worry, we're on our way.
The lake is deepest at this spot.
Tom is my friend.
It's gravity that makes satellites move around the Earth.
I'm relaxed.
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
The dog chased the rabbit.
He got back from Sydney today.
We don't have fish.
Why do I even care?
Today is a good day.
I know that you're rich.
I have a book about fishing.
Are you still in the office?
This dictionary is by far the best.
I feel the want of money.
Explain to me what you're doing there.
He always texted me.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
She is as beautiful as her mother is.
A senior royal told CNN that the Duchess of Cambridge has fulfilled all of her objectives one year after marrying Prince William and has become a "full member" of the British monarchy.
Tom is waiting for everyone to leave.
It's already time to brush your teeth!
Do you know how far it is from the station to city hall?
I lost my phone, what should I do?
I'm out of it.
No sooner had I gone out than it began to rain.
How many people are in your family?
It's a misleading title.
Where are the elevators?
The basket was filled with strawberries.
She is a young artist.
She died.
Suddenly my computer stopped working.
Mary is very pretty.
She gulped down half her tea in one mouthful.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
Part of the roof blew off.
How do you view this matter?
He is the class's extremely intelligent student.
Where's my folder?
We've gone over this before.
Who stands to benefit?
We worked on a farm last summer.
Can I borrow your car tonight?
Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
The phone call was a trick to get him out of the house.
I had no idea there'd be this many people here.
Talking in the library is not allowed.
Only if you study hard will you be able to get into university.
They said they'd do that for us.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
Tom thought Mary would like doing that.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
This book is worth reading twice.
The man who I thought was my friend deceived me.
I could answer all the questions.
Come and see us.
I try to leave room for dessert.
Is it too late?
The buses run every ten minutes.
I'm prepared to accept the consequences.
Hug Tom.
I did not pass.
I was born in Tokyo in 1968.
Bob was somewhat chubbier than his brother.
What's the meaning of this sentence?
It's one thing to make plans, but quite another to carry them out.
With no work, I can't save any money.
I sold the house to advantage.
I just cleaned this.
My father has been engaged in foreign trade for many years.
I didn't order this.
Tom didn't have shoes on.
It happened that I was free last Sunday.
You're a celebrity now.
Can you tell my age?
Everybody in the picture is smiling.
I'll wait for you in front of the radio station.
Mary went to play with Tom.
No one will bother you here.
They are very popular among boys.
Let's make a snowman.
I bought vegetables, beef and butter.
He is sharp-witted.
This dog is white.
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.
I would like to go to sleep now.
We have a traitor among us.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
This is not salt.
The one resource more precious than any other was land.
I met him while I was coming home.
You must go through with your plan.
I also brought some gruel I made. It just needs warming up.
I have nothing more to do today.
I hate history.
It's not a dream at all.
Tom walked into the bathroom.
He's crazy about soccer.
The weather is exceptionally frigid.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
Where can I find toothpaste?
I'd like to talk to John.
This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
Does he know that you love him?
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
He has been to Hawaii several times.
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.
How do you make money?
Excuse me; allow me to point out three errors in the above article.
What is the meaning of this joke?
In case of emergency, call 119.
Have you done your homework yet?
I have an itch in my ear.
Destroy this temple.
They're at the restaurant looking at the menu.
I've already eaten dinner.
I've just published a new post on my blog.
Tom isn't going to stop.
Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy?
In spite of the tyrant’s persecution, the hero valiantly carried on the struggle.
I made this for you.
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers.
My wife is from Australia.
It's difficult to do that.
Smoking is bad for your health.
I never saw such a splendid sunset.
She can speak a type of Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
It's hard to steal from a thief.
What are your dreams for the future of humankind?
Nobody's laughing.
I couldn't fall asleep.
Tom knows me.
Why is my brother stupid?
Butter is made from milk.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
The busses are especially crowded during rush hour.
He still hasn't given me the money I lent him.
There is no need to be so strict.
How much is the tour per person?
She's beautiful.
Wild animals live in the forest.
I got acquainted with her in France.
She said to her husband: "Stop!".
When was the last time you gave flowers to your wife?
Even people who don't believe in the Catholic church venerate the Pope as a symbolic leader.
Tom knocked him down.
I should've added more salt.
I couldn't eat another bite.
What do we need to do?
Take whatever you like.
That's your responsibility.
A leopard never changes its spots.
It's nearly six.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
Meg was the only girl that was wearing jeans.
It's convenient for me to see you at ten tonight.
This tie has a more vibrant color and goes better with this suit.
You made me laugh.
They refused.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
I have already worked the whole day. I am very tired.
Who took the money?
Are you planning to be at Tom and Mary's wedding?
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one's head means yes while nodding one's head means no.
The number of traffic accidents seems to be on the increase.
Is something wrong?
Tom didn't know what he'd say to Mary.
There are four members in my family.
She made him a new suit.
We have been to Tokyo many times.
Tom may still be alive.
Where's the nearest underground station?
I bought it from him.
He is a quick-witted man.
Her hat looked very funny.
Her children both died in battles.
The rear-view mirror fell off.
Who's listening?
Are men who don't drink still men?
The house whose roof you can see is Mr Baker's.
Japan is confronted with severe economic problems.
When do you close?
Please send this by registered mail.
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall.
I'd better go to bed now.
We need more staff.
She understands music.
I'm going to call my daughter.
I think it's worth asking.
I will ask him tomorrow.
He bores me.
Did you call him up yesterday?
I don't know when she will come back.
We imported meat from Argentina.
I can speak Osmani.
He is an agreeable person.
I know why you're happy.
Generally speaking, men can run faster than women can.
The train headed for the station.
I'm not allowed to drink alcohol.
Write your name and address on this envelope.
You've defeated him.
Tom goes for a walk every morning.
They all searched for the lost child.
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you'll sound more like a native.
What are you unhappy about?
I'm scared of wild animals.
I guess we wouldn't have been able to carry out the plan if it weren't for your help.
I can speak French.
That red dress suited her.
The two birds built a nest without a building permit.
Where are your children now?
Tom apologized again.
He is out of control when drunk.
I can't remember the melody of that song.
Tom and Mary aren't John's real parents.
Because I left early this morning, I couldn't use my computer, so I used my phone to send messages.
Tom has to go to bed early tonight.
China is much larger than Japan.
He will reach Hakodate tonight.
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.
Is it ready?
I guess they really weren't so happy.
She likes to drink strawberry-flavored yogurt.
Oh, I know this man!
His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures.
I'm working with a Spaniard.
Finally, Oedipus replied.
Her beauty will fade in time.
Tom may be able to come tomorrow.
Give me something to drink.
Does he know what you did?
The offer is too good to turn down.
I asked him many questions about ecology.
My boss has the ability to read books very fast.
Water evaporates when it is heated.
In a fit of anger he said everything he wanted to say and went home.
Give me that book.
Meg talks too much.
Admission is free for children.
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.
"May I use this pencil?" "Yes, you may."
I never consider ease and joyfulness as the purpose of life itself.
Tom doesn't eat red meat.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
That's what I like.
Mary doesn't use salt in her cooking.
We have enough food.
If human life is convex, we can optimize it.
The young man decided to propose to her.
We must not break our promise.
You should know this.
That film was a great draw.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
New Year's Day is the key to the year.
Can we trust you?
Tracy had never used chopsticks before then.
School begins at half past eight.
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
I can't stand this noise.
He knows many people.
Speak Esperanto!
We're dating.
It is hard for me to believe this.
Our classroom is very small.
This swan is black.
Catch him!
I've been walking for over four hours.
The difference is this: he works harder than you.
I have just finished my homework.
I just received your message yesterday.
I don't have much free time.
I was wondering if you were going to show up today.
Wait here till I come back.
Your suggestion seems reasonable.
He lost a book.
You've fallen in love with me?
Why did you come this early?
I swear I'll never do such a thing.
I'm looking for my contact lens.
He came to Japan seven years ago.
He's staying at his aunt's.
Where is the American embassy?
I'll show you around town.
Sami is leaving now for the airport.
Be calm.
Ken runs faster than you.
This is by far the best method.
The panda is China's national treasure.
Programming languages are her hobby.
It cannot be denied that Chinese is the most spoken language in the world.
I can't sleep well.
Delicious.
Salt dissolves in water.
Sturgeons can sometimes live for over 50 years, growing so large that few predators hunt them.
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
We had a conversation about baseball.
Tom is being held captive.
Ken goes swimming day after day.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is unhappy.
Tom died in battle.
It's been a long time since I visited my grandmother.
Would you leave the door open, please?
Blood is thicker than water.
No one goes there anymore.
I guess it was our bad luck.
Every Friday night they went and drank.
The conversation turned to politics.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
It is not easy to learn a foreign language.
It's always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
He doesn't like meat.
He seems to have been ill for a long time.
Why are you scared of Tom?
I got here earlier than Tom did.
I'll join you all later.
Ken is a good swimmer.
Pay what you want.
Ted was finally able to communicate his thoughts in Japanese.
Your composition was good except for the spelling.
He's started looking for a job.
Why isn't anybody visiting my website?
I work every day save Sundays.
The forecast says it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom bought a plane ticket.
"In" is a preposition.
When did you begin?
I'd like to make more money.
Everybody laughs.
Today our artificial satellites are revolving around the earth.
I worry about your health.
I can cook.
Have you finished cleaning your room yet?
You came alone today?
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to the airport.
Yes, I'm Anna.
Tell Tom I won't be there.
I knew that something was wrong.
Tom didn't let his children go to Mary's party.
I'll wait for you in here.
The weather is good today.
I hope you'll get well soon.
A person views things differently according to whether they are rich or poor.
How fast can he run?
Mr Wang is from China.
Don't leave the water running.
Hey, are you really going to work at eight tomorrow?
Do you know her?
We need to leave.
Keep quiet!
I have a son and a daughter. My son lives in New York, and my daughter lives in London.
Can you imagine walking on the moon?
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
Which one of these people is your friend?
Did I get you right?
Tom didn't feel like eating lunch.
I cannot get in touch with him.
We must keep up the family traditions.
Tom wished he hadn't borrowed the book from Mary.
We have a lot of rain in June and July.
Jane kept silent for a long time.
Water is a liquid.
Listen to me, OK?
Mark the words that you cannot understand.
Life is indeed a good thing.
Can you give me a ride to the office on Wednesday?
Are you going to the gym today?
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
No one can predict the future.
They call me Bob.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
I'm glad to see you again.
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.
What are those people doing?
He has a large family to support.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.
You must study hard.
On the border, there is a stretch of agricultural land.
It's very hot today.
He gave in.
Rules are meant to be broken.
I visited American friends in Oakland.
I have many things to do now.
We don't have a dishwasher.
English isn't easy to master.
Kate has become a full member of the royal family.
What kind of room do you want?
The telephone is ringing.
These are my trousers.
Sit down, please.
It seems that I have lost my keys.
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.
I am Lin.
He has no reason to be late.
I don't even want to try it.
I've had enough of your anti-science poverty.
What's become of your dog?
She was beautiful when she was young.
Take any train on track 5.
Businesses often have a list of 5-10 'mission statements' featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
The boy is eating bread.
It is getting dark. Let's go home.
Are you concerned with politics?
Everything must be nothing less than perfect.
I have never felt better.
He came here ten minutes ago.
She is busy preparing supper now.
I think she's interested in you.
She gets good marks in English.
Life is not convex.
She gave me a shy smile.
He's pale because he's sick.
He acts as if he were a king.
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.
He was scared you would shoot him.
You should practice playing the violin every day.
This is proof that you're the murderer.
Try this.
You have to study English step by step.
He ate all of it.
In clear weather one can see Mount Fuji from here.
I gave careful consideration to the problem.
Why's everybody looking at me?
Is this bread's best-by OK?
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
The moon is shining.
We were deeply impressed by the lecturer's eloquent speech.
He sold his principles for money.
I wish I did not say that at the party.
It's still not certain who's going to win this match.
I thank you on behalf of my son.
That's out of the question.
He's writing his mother a letter.
Do you remember the day when we first met?
People could not see any hopes of obtaining happiness in this life, thus they instinctively sought comfort in the afterlife.
He greeted the lady.
Eating raw eggs could be bad for you.
Repeat!
I wear a size 37.
There's no membership fee for joining.
I'm not interested.
Yanni is an artist.
This happens all the time.
He kissed her forehead.
I teach English.
I've already had lunch.
Tom usually rides his bicycle to school.
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.
The prisoner was released.
Japan's army was very powerful.
It's time for bed.
You say one thing and then act just the opposite.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
I finished the homework, and want to go to bed, but now it's time to go to school again...
I got five hours sleep last night.
Tom knew that Mary was a teacher.
I don't remember any of it.
English is spoken in many countries around the world.
I am a theatre lover.
This book may well be useful to you.
Will you have some coffee?
He is not here.
We're ready for the next step.
The facts are clear.
It's only your imagination.
Wish big, aim high, be gentle, be careful.
I'm fixing the radio I found on my way home.
His hands were handcuffed.
Can I look at your dictionary?
She cried her heart out.
My father died of lung cancer.
Were I to die, who would look after my children?
She translated a poem.
I felt as if I were an uninvited guest.
You have to study more.
He accepted her gift.
I bought a car in Derry yesterday.
I'm at work, but my wife is at home.
Tom found a job in Boston.
Muiriel is an Indian.
Tom wanted to be a better teacher.
We should have been more careful.
I especially like the flavour of the mushroom.
Tom has no idea what to do with all the junk in his garage.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
I gave up smoking for a year.
What language do they speak in Switzerland?
Whose bike is this?
I know where he comes from.
I haven't had a chance to see the movie yet.
It's on the sofa.
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
You're not allowed to take pictures here.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
It is necessary for you to follow your mother's advice.
Oh, could you please answer the phone for me?
Tom told me that he had lost his textbook.
The man is tall.
Tom likes reading magazines.
How are you? Did you have a good trip?
Tom saved Mary's life.
They made their way through the crowd.
I wish I earned more money.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
I'm shy.
I saw Dana.
Everyone wanted a piece of the cake.
It was a terrible day.
I drove to town and went shopping.
He fell to the floor.
President Lincoln was what we call a self-made man.
He looks just like his mother.
Tom and Mary have three sons and a daughter.
I have to give back the book before Saturday.
They have a very nice veranda.
Ronaldo is a prolific goal scorer and it’s almost guaranteed that he will score a goal in every match.
Tom needs Mary's help.
I made a serious mistake.
This juice tastes sour.
He reads a book.
They are all wearing uniforms.
Don't talk about such a thing.
I didn't know that Tom was going to be arrested.
Behave yourself.
Tom doesn't seem to be as talented as Mary seems to be.
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress.
Do you eat rice in your country?
Diplomats are allowed various privileges.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
Have you brought your ID card with you?
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
I am a professor.
He's a good liar.
I used to keep a diary when I was at high school.
How much is this camera?
Can you help us?
He had no place to live.
John left for France yesterday.
Do your parents know where you are?
He is a bad driver.
Are you for or against the plan?
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
Tom is an artist.
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
The trees are beginning to bud.
I can speak Chinese, but I can't read Chinese.
What?! You ate my chocolate bear?!
When will you leave?
It is not so hot today as yesterday.
I want you to go.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
I'm reading short stories.
Sami put on his sneakers.
Tell Tom I need to borrow his car.
I don't know anyone who corresponds to that description.
People in Taiwan work hard.
She has lost weight.
I hope it will be the only one.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
You can't see me, can you?
This T-shirt is too small for me.
I bought this pair of shoes, but they are a bit too small.
This sentence is grammatically correct, but we wouldn't say it that way.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
It's best if you don't poke your nose into other people's business.
You look sick; are you alright?
Don't tell lies.
I cannot accept your gift.
Admittedly, it wasn't the best meal I've ever eaten.
His main object in life was to become rich.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
Is this jacket right for me?
I can verify that that's the truth myself.
I really am unlucky!
I'm not a French teacher.
Who's your girlfriend?
My wife is Chinese.
How do you feel about the new job?
This is the best restaurant I know of.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Tom works in a bank now.
I have a question I want you to answer. Can you?
You think you're awake, but you may, in fact, be dreaming.
Mary is fairly plain, but Tom thinks she's the bee's knees.
My father put a fence around the garden.
Tom got tired.
Halley's Comet will come back in 2061.
There's an orange on the table.
Those who are present are all Japanese.
Write down the medicine you need on this piece of paper.
I am not certain about that.
I got on the wrong bus.
Today it really feels like summer has ended.
I can't walk any further.
Diplomatic dialogue helped put an end to the conflict.
My father is a doctor.
I have a friend living in Boston.
My mother is fifty years old.
I sleep standing up.
Keep this lesson in mind.
I planted roses in the garden.
A fox is not caught twice in the same snare.
I have to stay in bed all day.
You are an adult.
No, I don't have it.
It is dangerous to jump onto a moving train.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to eat.
We do not understand each other.
What kind of meal did you eat?
I haven't yet collected sufficient materials to write a book.
I make it a rule not to watch television after nine o'clock.
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
He wiped the sweat from his face.
This room is used by teachers.
Even if one is to "believe", there is still a "lie" in the midst.
I grew up near a river.
Tom is never going to forgive me, is he?
I couldn't contain my anger.
Why don't you hug me?
Let me say one thing.
I don't like mathematics very much.
I think I understood.
I don't look forward to going to work.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
Don't talk nonsense, you know that's impossible.
She gave me a hand gesture I didn't understand.
Tim is left-handed.
Tom didn't know anyone.
An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field.
She always complains about the teacher.
This noise is annoying.
I am not a good swimmer.
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
The horse trotted down the road.
We were very sleepy the next morning.
Good luck.
I object to her going there alone.
His airplane crashed in the mountains.
He obtained a picture which Picasso had painted in his later years.
Why is it after all this time, I still cannot learn English well?
My friend hasn't come back yet.
The company's going to go bankrupt really soon.
I'm used to it by now.
I am watering the flowers.
We all like cycling.
This book is red.
He told me a little secret about her.
You're right. The noodle broth here is a bit expensive.
America abounds in oil.
She felt like taking a walk.
Tom said Mary thought John might be permitted to do that next weekend.
My father is a teacher of English.
What languages are you good at speaking?
Comparing with cars, I prefer taking the train.
Mike smiled.
Recession is a temporary falling off of business activity during a period when such activity is generally increasing.
Feel this. It's really soft.
I have read all of your books.
He thought, If I don't study hard, how can I be worthy of my countrymen?
What are you reading now?
My parents teach me to abide by my promises.
Fruit is very good for your body.
I'm sure Tom came here yesterday.
She has achieved her goals.
That was the first time that a man walked on the moon.
Tom should be here any minute.
They looked up to him as their leader.
The Japanese yen rose.
You don't weigh more than me.
We can't go outside because it's raining.
John and Mary loved each other.
I've had enough.
He was so healthy up to the minute of his sudden death. You really never know what might happen next.
If and only if the ice-cream is vanilla flavour will Xiao Wang eat it.
The diamond was set in a gold ring.
This newspaper is free.
On which counter can I make my appointment?
She loves her children.
I'm going on vacation next week.
It's nothing serious.
My father is not home yet.
Einstein loved playing the violin.
Tom loves skiing.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
Tom and Mary glanced to their left.
"I'd look like a real James Bond in that," Dima said to himself, then entered the store.
We can hear the ocean from here.
You can see many animals in this forest.
I don't want to cause any more trouble.
This wine tastes good.
What time did your friend go home?
I've been here for a while.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
He sat on the bench.
I should be happy.
I don't meet him so often.
The façade of this building is bizarre. What the architect was thinking I don't know.
I met Fred on the street.
I was really very happy.
Tom has many talents.
He can't come because he's ill.
Sami was married at the time.
How many arms does an octopus have?
The plane lost part of its wing.
He selected a Christmas gift for her.
You want to eat fruit pies?
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
Putting in effort daily is essential to language learning.
Tom doesn't like cheese.
I hugged him tightly and cried.
Life without love has no meaning at all.
A baby has no knowledge of good and evil.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
Spiders like to weave webs.
You should begin right away.
Is it more idiomatic if I say it like this?
He belongs to the camera club.
Pass me the wine, please.
I have never been to Hiroshima.
Are you sure you wouldn't like anything else?
He made good use of the money.
He hid himself behind the door.
There are some songs from Scotland.
There's a book here.
I haven't finished this.
When I came home, Tom was studying.
My house is near the station.
Go back to the office.
I was very tired, so I went to bed early.
I never dreamed that there would be a typhoon.
Only one store carries this book.
She had an individual style of speaking.
My mother did nothing but weep.
He is as great a scientist as ever lived.
I don't have any time right now.
I saw you looking at her.
I'm fairly confident I can do that.
The concept of “Internet addiction” implies that “the Internet” is some sort of definable activity.
Can I see the menu, please?
Tea was introduced from China.
My legs still hurt.
I have to go to school.
I know how to set a trap.
Go a little faster!
There must sometimes be some fun between two people.
Do you have to make dinner?
His income is three times larger than mine.
In Southern China, the qipao is also known as "changshan".
Accepting the other's norms is submitting to the other's power.
You must not speak with your mouth full.
I can't get away from work now.
Did Tom ever tell you how he first met Mary?
The old dog barked.
Boil some water.
Tom wanted everyone to think he'd died.
My hands and legs are swollen.
Those folks are insane!
Do you like cooking?
No two words are identical in meaning.
There's something I have to say.
Don't let him touch it.
The battery is low.
The earth makes one revolution around the sun in about 365 days.
Tom bought a gift for Mary.
Jack isn't here.
How're you feeling?
He's always trading.
She is a pretty girl.
Show him in.
She returned to Japan.
Is Tom your boyfriend?
Nobody will know.
The contract was signed.
"Would you like any more?" "No, I've had enough."
I'm afraid that there isn't any coffee left.
There's no doubt that Tom poisoned Mary.
This room has three windows.
One of the hawk's wings is broken.
Quite a lot of friends and acquaintances have come.
Brian left his belongings behind.
She is a taxi driver.
Is there cold water here?
You need to attach a white garter belt underneath.
I've lost my wallet.
Somebody pushed me in.
Xiaoding's father's name is written down on the envelope.
What is he doing now?
This tree is three meters around.
Let's do it after school.
The teacher made me repeat the sentence.
I'm going shopping!
Christmas is right around the corner.
I never put sugar in my coffee.
Don't worry. She doesn't understand German.
He wants to teach him a lesson.
Yesterday he saw a big man.
At first, I felt they were right to have fired me.
I told him what the problem was.
This data isn't accurate at all.
I am dead tired.
What do you need me to do?
The job looked quite simple, but it took me a week.
It's better to do nothing than to do something poorly.
None of this is your money.
A horse pulled the cart along the road.
Both air and water are indispensable for life.
You were in danger.
I need to find something interesting to do.
Did you feed the parrots?
Have you ever been to America?
Everyone cried except me.
I promise that I will do it.
I'm sorry, you seem to have misdialed the phone.
I'm trying to find the person who owns this guitar.
I honestly don't think Tom and Mary care.
All the guests were touched by her hospitality.
She came near to drowning.
I left your flash drive at home.
Tell Tom about it.
Suddenly, I heard shouting.
She is not old enough to get a driving licence.
She was beside herself with joy.
Waiter, please bring me some water.
I've finished reading the book.
He can speak Russian, too.
You are wanted on the phone.
Have you gone to see a doctor?
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
Ankle, ankle, where are you?
Tom makes about thirty dollars an hour.
Feel free to stay.
You are right.
Promises are made to be broken.
Tom continued his investigation.
Now I need you to leave.
Let's drop by his house.
This isn't a tiger.
I'm Tom's assistant.
Let's have lunch downtown and take in a show.
I sometimes still think about her.
Roll up your sleeve.
Mary went down to the kitchen.
All their secrets have been revealed.
Hear and see and be still.
Yes, I think so too.
I have to go home a little early today.
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three.
I invited my friends to dinner.
Have you seen that river?
My father made me a delicious lunch.
She won't be back till five.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
"May I use the phone?" "Please feel free."
It's raining again!
If you don't hurry, you'll miss the train.
My cousin is so steeped in schoolwork that his friends call him bookworm.
In order to move the project along smoothly, we have revised the plan several times.
Helen always keeps her room clean.
I'm studying Hanja.
I'm the one who told Tom that Mary didn't like him.
After seeing the film, we are going to the café to get something to eat.
You didn't need to buy the book.
So where's the problem?
People are getting more concerned about the matter.
I prefer staying home to going fishing.
It is wrong to tell a lie.
They're children.
They are engaged in cancer research.
My husband reads the newspaper while eating breakfast.
This movie is highly controversial.
Are you still at the office?
I spend a lot of time commuting.
He speaks English better than I do.
However much advice we give him, he still does exactly what he wants.
What we had to do was really quite simple.
I have more than five friends who can speak French.
There is nothing more important than friendship.
I'm not always free on Sundays.
That is a good opinion.
It is time you went to bed. Turn off the radio.
Romeo and Juliet is on at the theater.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
Today is Valentine's Day.
She insulted him.
The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and has decided not to pay a red cent more.
See you next week.
Is this a dream?
Tom is by far the tallest boy in our class.
You have to choose.
Tom came here to talk to Mary.
Excuse me, could you repeat that?
Tom is a fluent speaker of Japanese.
I am so lonely.
Is this the right bus for Boston?
Someone left.
Do you like juice?
He cut the cake into seven pieces.
This statement is actually kind of suspicious.
Jill saw the movie with Ken.
Tom gritted his teeth.
I recognised him immediately.
Is the party over?
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?
I don't know the translation of the word 'oindre'.
Not everybody can be an artist.
My family is very proud of me.
Betty is a serial killer.
Even the most carefully made plans frequently result in failure.
Ken has two cats.
Please turn up the AC a little bit.
Tom is testing me.
I'm the only one who doesn't know Uyghur.
Tom, your phone!
I wasn't yet married at that time.
I've lost a little weight.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
We're used to staying up late.
Those dogs will not stop barking.
Tom said it was cold in Boston this time of year.
Let's begin at page 30.
He was in open-mouthed amazement.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
Do you really think I'm going to help you?
I should have left earlier.
You're bullying someone smaller than you again!
This time, when he went into the hospital, he finally understood that one's health is really the most important thing of all.
Your method is different from mine.
The universe is endless.
I am good at speaking English.
My friend is currently designing a user interface for the new operating system.
I'll take care of you.
Is the bank far from here?
The cellphone came with several applications already pre-installed.
The company medical treatment insurance covered all the medical treatment costs.
My parents don't speak Dutch.
Spring has come.
Tom saw the exhibits.
He is the man we were talking about.
I'm sorry my pronunciation isn't very good.
How long have you lived here?
How wide is it?
I know that you hired Tom.
Tom is sitting on the grass.
Your room is really clean.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
I'll give you an apple.
Last night I went to bed late after writing a letter.
Tom baked some chocolate chip cookies.
She always believes me.
We're eating bread.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
This medicine will help you.
It'll soon be six o'clock.
Some sounds are really hard to pronounce.
The train has arrived.
Her only hobby is collecting stamps.
After you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
I got this vacuum cleaner for nothing.
Stop her!
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.
How long have you been in Kobe?
All you have to do is to make a comment.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
I wish you'd go.
I feel like going on a trip.
I asked him to come with me and he agreed.
I waited for her for a really long time.
This design is very ergonomic.
Tom's parachute didn't open.
It started again!
She turned off her desk lamp.
They seldom watch television these days.
I cannot stop it.
He is a scientist respected by everyone.
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.
Do you know who conquered Mt. Everest first?
India is a developing country.
I am looking for a mango to eat.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
Of course I love you.
Can you hear us?
Last month our twenty-year-old daughter gave birth to a baby girl.
Catherine stayed indoors because it was raining.
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea.
I'd like you to sing a song.
You speak so softly that I cannot quite hear what you say.
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The policeman didn't tow your car away.
She's going to New York on Sunday.
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience.
School starts next Monday.
I'm 30 now.
Let's start over.
Last year in the Philippines, earthquakes and tidal waves resulted in the deaths of more than 6,000 people.
This artist does Chinese painting.
Ken plays soccer every day.
I would like to wait another half an hour.
He is not a good driver.
"What should I do?" I said to myself.
I have two sons. One is in Tokyo and the other is in Nagoya.
I can't bear to see animals suffer.
Her blue shoes go well with that dress.
Would you tell me where his house is?
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.
I gave Tom a kiss.
Police!
She gave us lots to eat.
Give me the report.
Tom had a decision to make.
I'm full!
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.
Spanish is much easier than German.
She's a programmer.
Are you a wizard?
She married him.
You'll miss me when I'm gone.
I'd like to rent a car.
My purse has been stolen.
I don't go in for that sort of thing.
That's strange.
Christmas is approaching.
How many accounts do you have?
I found a bird whose wing was severely damaged.
Don't let it get you down!
I am sitting at the table.
Tom's car has been stolen.
No, thank you.
He will play the leading role for the first time in the next school festival.
I can type 50 words a minute.
Change the pillowcase.
I'm sure you'll be interested.
According to the police, nobody died.
He helped me do my homework.
I'll let you off this time, but I don't ever want to catch you stealing again.
Oil does not mix with water.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
Is it far?
I went to the clothing store yesterday and bought a blue blouse and three pairs of pants.
You aren't coming, are you?
We painted the door green.
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
Do you have a plan?
My house is very near the park.
Can you freeze it?
Do you like this book?
I want a coffee.
I saw him wash the car.
Tom can't move this bookcase without a little help.
It's a real bargain.
Tom said that he was a Canadian.
He always drinks black coffee.
I want to go ice skating.
He almost froze to death from the snow.
I played tennis with Tom yesterday afternoon.
I'm daydreaming.
Could I trouble you with something?
The class begins at 8:30.
His mother is an English teacher.
I decide to work hard.
Don't lie to me!
The boy got his hands dirty.
I've never seen Tom laugh.
Can you come over here?
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
My watch is very accurate.
I think this book is worth reading.
May I try on this dress?
He loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
That can't be!
The time will come when your dream will come true.
Does the lady speak Turkish?
My father has a restaurant.
Nobody likes being laughed at.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
She is hard on them.
Ghosts exist.
Yaguatí speaks Spanish and Guaraní.
They give nothing.
Let's walk.
It is an honor for us.
Twenty years is a long time.
I first met him three years ago.
She is a woman.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
How many tickets do you have left?
An exclamation mark is a punctuation mark.
There's water in Ashland, too.
He didn't help her.
Gestures are very important in human communication.
How much does a ticket cost?
I have been to India.
It's very cold.
I have finished showering.
It's just a cold.
Is this her umbrella?
Show me.
The rumor turned out to be false.
My health is my only capital.
The air was warm.
Thanks!
Our true nationality is mankind.
Are you Jose?
My dream is to be a doctor.
I had a bite at around 3 o'clock.
Please turn on the radio.
To be perfect she lacked just one defect.
You're way too drunk.
Who is hiding behind the curtain?
I want to eat pizza tonight.
A detective arrived upon the scene of the crime.
Could we go somewhere else?
Nobody wants to visit my country.
Tom got first prize, didn't he?
I go to the same secondary school as Tom.
I don't worry about the risk.
I don't want to go to church today.
Tom wants me to stay away from him.
Grandpa bought it for me!
Tom began to sing "Happy Birthday" and the entire restaurant joined in.
My wife told me to do away with this old hat.
This table is missing a leg.
You'd better go home at once.
That's cheap, isn't it?
She's still under age.
I'm very busy.
Jim was afraid of physical labor.
Let's take advantage of the long weekend.
Who invented the telephone?
And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
I went there because I wanted to.
Is this the right train for Tokyo?
I was forced to learn Spanish.
Let's play baseball!
Lend me your ears.
Tom waits for me at the bus stop every morning.
Reading is one of life's great pleasures.
The road is under construction.
Why didn't you bring your hat today?
What have you got planned for next weekend?
I will never forget the day when I first met him.
We sat in the center of the room.
Tom wrote two books.
Maybe at the time she accidentally left her car key in her room.
I have never thought of that.
The electricity failed during the storm.
I don't like to go out after dark.
I can't afford to play tennis.
Tom never should've tried doing that by himself.
They're in danger.
I don't want to play cards.
I like candlelight.
What do you think of this place?
Why are you being so secretive?
Our team is seeded in the ping-pong competition.
Forget about that right now.
What will you have for lunch today?
The popular singer committed suicide.
I should go.
I can't speak English as well as he.
This is a very interesting book.
I prefer my own company.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom went to sleep.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
I've had a brilliant idea.
The tomato is subject to a number of diseases.
He is free from pride.
The broccoli is overcooked today — it's not very good.
I have a friend whose father is a famous pianist.
He sells old carpets.
We have full reason to believe that it is true.
Here's your umbrella.
Don't tell him that, please!
I remember having read that novel before.
I knew it!
After all, this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time.
There are always many people in the library.
This ticket will admit two persons free.
I'm really looking forward to it.
A friend of mine came to see me during the day.
I remember the first time.
We had a heavy rain yesterday.
It goes without saying that health is above wealth.
He bought a Honda.
I can't afford eating in such an expensive restaurant.
He entered the hall of fame.
I don't write letters anymore.
I went, too.
There is a library in our city.
He studied English history.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
This novel is difficult to understand.
Tom has to protect himself.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
There couldn’t be a more ideal solution than that.
Sometimes it's better to lie.
Please move your bicycle out of here.
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.
This trash bag does not contain any dangerous chemicals.
Is it true that your family will travel in Hokkaido? I envy you.
New York is the biggest city in the world.
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
My father will get well soon.
My real address is as follows.
I suspect that they water down the beer in that pub.
I might say yes.
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
I don't care what he does.
Suddenly, the roof collapsed.
Some people think I'm Tom.
I'll try my best today, too.
I'm injured.
We met at two in the afternoon.
The victory was won at the cost of many lives.
This is what I need.
The weather report says it will rain tomorrow afternoon.
My father gave up smoking.
I can't recall her name at the moment.
He called me a taxi.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
I don't speak Japanese.
To tell the truth, I don't agree with you.
This one's yours.
The scar on his forehead really stands out.
They don't like me.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
There would be no New China without the communist party.
I got slapped on both cheeks.
Knowledge can only be obtained by study.
Please listen!
Do you have any condoms?
Get in the car.
It's no use arguing with her.
Tom and Mary are studying together in the library.
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.
Open the envelope carefully so it doesn't tear.
What a wonderful family.
What part of the movie did you like best?
I'm twelve years old.
I don't want to live like this.
Sport knows no borders.
The diamond is a precious stone.
He just left an hour ago.
Don't touch the exhibits.
She called me many times.
What can I do to help you?
It's too expensive!
Are you not feeling well?
By the way, what's your address?
Stop, or I'll shoot.
I called Tom.
Your son has come of age.
He tasted the cheesecake.
He'll never beat me.
Kill her.
Yes, why?
Draw a line from A to B.
Who is that woman?
There's only one store on the island.
This food is unhygienic.
Do you think I can help?
How could things get worse?
We carried on the discussion till late at night.
She wrote the date in numeric form.
That is the essence of the matter.
He advised me not to believe what she says.
Not a few foreigners like Japanese food.
Onions cook more quickly than potatoes.
You don't seem to like Tom.
The drum faded away.
She gave me access to her records.
Could you lend me some money? I'm short of cash at the moment.
The game ended in a draw.
Do you know this song?
I bought a red sports car.
I got it, so no bullshit, okay?
Our love is mutual.
Help yourself to a piece of cake.
I'm so worn out!
This shop's apples are not big.
Can we get back to the topic?
I'm living with my parents.
When booking flights, I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first, then get the train to complete my journey.
Sales should double this year.
My left hand fell asleep.
I've been on vacation.
This car was so cheap that he could afford it.
You're very shy.
Tom should've known better.
You can make your dream come true by working hard.
Her behavior is consistent with her words.
You must gather further information.
No context, no text.
Tom is ill.
I don't like my hair at all.
Come in, the door's open.
The engine died.
I often use SSH to remotely connect to my computer.
That airplane is huge!
I'm small.
My wife is a native of Ürümqi.
I am trying to learn English.
I will buy your house for ten thousand dollars.
Everyone thinks like this.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll finish.
Take the road on the left.
He was held in captivity.
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
This medicine cured me of my cold.
I usually take a shower in the evening.
Who told you the news?
We didn't have computers when I was growing up.
Tom loves to sing.
Are you free this weekend?
No one succeeds in the world without effort.
As everyone knows, today is a very significant day for us.
English and German are two related languages.
I walked up the hill.
He said, "I'm from Canada."
The wind is really strong outside.
I want to talk to you about something.
Tom lives in a slum.
It's easy to err once you lose your cool.
Someone told me about that.
If you don't fold your clothes or hang them, they will be wrinkled.
I have something to give you.
Nothing is here.
Tom bought a brand-new car.
I can provide my family with food and clothing.
Is everybody ready?
You should go and brush your teeth.
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?
We need to get some help.
She will come back soon to visit us.
I had been in the army for a month when the war ended.
You may as well withdraw from the club right away.
His grandmother looks healthy.
He is my neighbor.
Please stay as long as you wish.
I carelessly dropped a vase.
Tom appealed to his mother to buy a new toy for him.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
Something is better than nothing.
Prepare five postcard sized pieces of cardboard.
Emily wants to go and see her father.
I want to brush up my English.
We're at war with Japan.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17, 1990.
Did you lose your rifle?
You can make up to 80,000 yen a month in that part-time job.
Tom doesn't eat meat and neither does Mary.
What time does the first train leave?
First acknowledge, then deny – one for and one against – and then you are in a powerful position.
I think I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
Everybody is busy except me.
Tom learned to ride a bike when he was ten.
My French teacher isn't a Canadian.
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.
I am eating an apple.
He gave it a new name.
They are discussing the problem.
I should have paid more attention.
First impressions matter.
I carry a bag of rice.
The longer I stayed in Paris, the more I liked it.
There is a group of people who don't agree.
Let's take 'English history' as a topic today.
Mary tricked them all.
Tom shouldn't have been here today.
Bill was able to pass the exam.
This book isn't as large that one.
He gave his reasons in brief.
Tom doesn't know how to snowboard.
I don't want to wake the kids up.
She was more beautiful than all the others.
The police arrested the man who had murdered the girl.
My brother may have acute appendicitis, in which case he’d have to have an operation.
Some were late.
The Queen has gone to a lot of trouble for the Duchess.
I have read the book before.
He often stays up late at night.
Check.
I don't lie.
Scientists seem to have known the truth.
World War II ended in 1945.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Is your homework finished?
Do you like English?
They live on the other side of the road.
Did you bring cash or your credit card with you?
You gave me the wrong change.
My internet connection was cut off.
They are satisfied.
The tree stopped growing.
I didn't know about your plan.
My laptop is running Linux.
Does the letter need to be written in English?
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Call an ambulance!
No thank you, I don't need a plastic bag.
Not knowing where to get off the bus, I asked the driver.
Are you a tubist?
I feel like throwing up.
I was busy yesterday.
Give Tom any help you can.
The food's ready.
I don't care where you are.
My son believes in Father Christmas.
He was attracted to the woman.
His house is across from mine.
What did he want?
He has taken over his father's business.
I can't see anything without my glasses.
He made friends with her in America.
People call me Tom.
There's something in your hair.
Be diligent, don't worry or be annoyed.
It's a quarter to seven.
We made fun of him about this.
I am not sure when he will come.
I love you.
The meeting lasted until 5.
We went to school together.
It's three o'clock now; I'll come again in an hour.
I like traveling.
Parents have responsibilities to look to their children's health.
The famous hotel was practically destroyed by a large fire.
My favorite sport is baseball.
A year has passed, but it's as if we'd seen each other only yesterday.
It’s like saying that someone is addicted to “transport”, “art” or “politics”.
Nature is full of mysteries.
It was I who found her. She'd lost consciousness so I carried her to the infirmary.
It was one of the best nights I've had.
I teach you to speak English.
I agree with you to some extent.
You'll find a job.
The accusations are shocking: money laundering, tax evasion and obstruction of justice.
It isn't a watch.
Where in Canada are you from?
He is a screwball.
I intend to leave Boston.
I have a friend whose father is a magician.
As a matter of fact, I do speak Spanish.
He gave us the signal to begin.
We're expecting a good harvest this year.
Would you please show me that skirt?
I thought you quit.
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
This table is reserved.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
Every man has his own strong points.
Seen from a distance, the stone looks like a human face.
Look! The train has arrived!
I can go to your house tomorrow.
I have tried innumerable times to contact him.
The teacher said: "Of course."
When did you find this?
The lid won't open.
Where are my glasses?
What were you in prison for?
Can't you do something to help me?
Respond with reverence.
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?
My native language is Czech.
We haven't known each other long.
This dog is almost human.
Where is the taxi?
This hotel doesn't have a swimming pool.
I love eggplant.
I need to kill him with a gun.
She's on the rag.
Tom got very hungry.
I took the elevator to the third floor.
Stop dreaming.
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.
This is Mary's dog.
I can't give up on my dreams.
Who planted this tree?
Do you really think Tom is home?
I can speak Spanish.
The colour is a bit too dark.
I feel like going to the movies.
How do I get to Chinatown?
The nurse is ill.
Tom is suspicious of Mary even though he declares otherwise.
She gets up the earliest in my family.
I have no excuse.
I was at my best after a good sleep.
What's going on with you?
Funny!
I can't believe Tom is getting married.
Tom still hasn't tied the knot.
Let's take a trip to New York.
She likes fairy tales.
I'll only wait for three minutes.
Rice and noodles are commonplace in Chinese cuisine.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they're really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
Tickets are on sale now.
Ken is a football player.
If you don't go skiing, I won't, either.
Raw fish easily goes bad.
I've got a bike.
I can't get rid of my cold.
If he could lie about that, he is likely to lie about anything.
I am lost.
The bell rang and the train moved off.
He claimed to be an expert in finance.
Now there is some left over.
He forgot to bring clothes.
I'm not feeling well.
Tom could only understand a little French then.
Do you talk?
Tom is watching a video.
My father is always poking his nose into my private life.
You killed my father. Today, I want revenge.
He translated the verse into English.
I just want to be Tom's friend.
I'm taking Spanish this semester.
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
How will the project work?
Some people criticized our decision.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
He makes a living as a writer.
She lost her father when she was three years old.
I left my umbrella on the tram.
I won't be home this afternoon.
See you tomorrow.
The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
He left me with tons of hard work to do.
This year's weather isn't very typical.
They are often together, and go to the opera or visit art galleries.
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table.
She is good at playing tennis.
It is very hot today.
He was absorbed in reading.
Tom got mercury poisoning because he ate canned tuna every day.
I will call you tomorrow morning.
My mother hates summer heat.
My ears hurt.
All the boys fell in love with Julia.
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
He is inferior to you in all respects.
The economic situation grew worse.
She doesn't smile for me anymore.
You're a lot smarter than Tom and Mary are.
It is close to seven o'clock. We have to go to school.
I think Tom is sleeping.
I wonder why they left my name off the list.
I was at the theater.
You should've turned left.
All of the balls are yellow.
I want something cold to drink.
I'm sorry, I do not understand. Can you repeat it a little slower?
Is this fake?
A spark led the gunpowder to explode.
She and I are of an age.
Actually, the present method has plenty of room for improvement.
That bicycle is too small for you.
I don't like kids.
Thanks to the development of agricultural science, world food production has managed to keep up with population growth - but only at the expense of the future.
How many apples are there?
There is a shortage of good building wood.
He helped an old lady to get up from her seat.
I don't give a fuck about what you say!
Tell me how you solved the problem.
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
We saw a lot of live fish in the pond.
This building will be built in the city.
Bicycles traveling to the right of automobiles is illegal.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for a long time.
Don't ask me for money.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
I hope to see you this Friday.
You're certain that you've never met her before?
Look at what's happening outside.
It is said that Peng Zu was the grandson of a celestial emperor.
We moved our bags to make room for the elderly lady to sit down.
This is the first time I've heard of this website.
I have no time to go to America.
She has a pure heart.
I collect dolls from different countries.
Before the 15th century it was generally believed that the Earth was at the centre of the universe.
I thought that the metro was free, so I went without a ticket.
Tom hasn't complained yet.
I discovered Tom's secret.
Tom ripped out the page.
A year has twelve months.
It's very cold here.
It's much more convenient.
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
There is an abundant supply of foodstuffs.
Liars must have a good memory.
Is she beautiful?
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.
I'm old enough to support myself.
All you have to do is to wait.
Tom said I was the only one who believed him.
We aren't going to stop them.
I've known Mr Smith for many years.
Wash your hands.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Thou shalt not kill.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't cry.
Aren't you going to come tomorrow?
Only my mother really understands me.
How far are you going?
Tom woke when the phone rang.
I remember having seen her somewhere.
Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Iris, what do you usually eat for breakfast?
Whose pizza is that?
Canada and Mexico both share a border with the USA.
We want peace.
See you this weekend!
You should talk directly to Tom.
He walked out of the room.
You've grown so much!
They were both drunk.
Written in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Hey, twirp! This here is our territory!
Are you still in school?
I'd like to go skiing with her.
He's always looking at you. He must love you.
Who taught her how to speak English?
What I hate most of all is having to recite texts from memory.
Do you know how high the television tower is?
I'm going now!
Read!
The old man made out his will.
Don't quit English.
I had to choose between the two.
Eating snacks is a bad habit.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
How soon do you need it?
He promised to bring new industries to the region, but politicians rarely keep their word.
I got some sand in my eye.
Stop humming and hawing!
Would you come here a moment?
The street is slippery.
You sing with a voice as clear as the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She kept various kinds of pets.
Nancy smiled happily.
How old is your father?
I don't have a car.
I'll leave this work to you.
This is the end.
Tom is no longer a member of this club.
He didn't want to go to Japan.
You have to change trains at Shibuya.
I'm a translator.
Have you found your contact lenses?
I bought a book about animals.
I have been to Kyoto twice.
I had my purse stolen in the bus.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
Please divide the pizza into three parts.
I signed the document.
Miss March gave me an English dictionary.
Can you describe the situation you were in?
Now that she has quit her job, we can't depend on her.
How soon will the meeting begin?
I need a taxi.
She cursed loudly.
He is a good match for me in tennis.
Interest rates and inflation were high.
It's nice to be back.
She knows how to cook.
You should pay for it.
Both of my brothers are married.
How do you pronounce your last name?
Your future is bright.
Mary isn't like the other girls in the class.
Nothing is better than staring at the night sky.
You are really handsome!
If the lion is the king of beasts, the eagle is the king of birds.
Ann plays tennis very well.
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
Give me something to write with.
His book was published just one month ago, and it has already sold thousands of copies.
I just don't want to marry you.
We can't see the other side of the moon.
All of them are not poor.
It's difficult to learn Greek.
There is a butterfly in the kitchen.
About how many hours does it take by car?
To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness.
She lived a lonely life.
Does Tom like Maria?
I didn't get your last name.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
We go to kindergarten.
I regret going there.
My father is very angry with me.
Mary has more than a hundred pairs of shoes.
I was born in Osaka in 1977.
He is an aggressive person.
He doesn't seem to be an American.
He goes to the office by car.
I don't know any of them.
One should read many books when one is young.
I haven't made up my mind yet.
Please go to the supermarket to buy some fruit.
Because of the storm, we had no choice but to stay at home.
London is among the world's largest cities.
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.
I'm OK.
People were staring at us.
We do not know where she is.
The toilet is backed up.
Jim, don't run about in the room.
Do you feel any better today?
Tomorrow the Chinese national team play against the Korean national team in their home arena.
The man ate bread.
Don't ask me what it was.
He is almost always home.
They are laymen.
Why has it been getting hotter and hotter these past few days?
I have made up my mind to achieve my goals in three years.
I'd like seats on the first floor.
I cannot lift him.
Is he busy?
He's out at the moment.
I'm from England.
The boy said a wolf would come.
Please call me at my hotel later.
I think what you're doing is wrong.
Close the damned door!
With just a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
We have dinner at seven.
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.
How long will you be staying in Germany?
Translate the following sentences into Japanese.
I really don't know.
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
Tom said that he lost his key.
The family is eating breakfast on the balcony.
It's a dead end.
This room is empty.
When I left the shopping center, the car wasn't where I had left it.
Tom didn't give an explanation.
Did Tom tell you it was an emergency?
Weather permitting, I'll start tomorrow.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
Mary wore a strapless dress to the party.
Are you familiar with the rules of soccer?
As far as I know, the book has never been translated into Japanese.
Is this true?
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
The effects of the atmosphere and ocean on the environment are very important.
What would you like to be in the future?
Is the food at the restaurant halal?
I'm pretty busy.
Achoo!
I don't think that we should wait.
Let me think for a moment.
My car burns a lot of gas.
The best way to solve unemployment is to work.
My goal is to become a doctor.
We're not afraid of any difficulties.
I suggested that we should go to the movies.
She's loud, isn't she?
My heart is in pain.
We finally decided to hand him over to the police.
No more, thank you. I'm full.
I haven't finished my supper yet.
The Hilton Hotel, please.
Tom isn't an idiot.
You should have been more prudent.
This bus can hold fifty people.
Good idea!
The unhappy event made him put an end to himself.
She made a series of medical discoveries.
He likes sleeping.
As far as I'm concerned, English is not easy.
Please stop that right now.
The box is too heavy to carry.
The army was unexpectedly attacked.
I have a question.
At around 12pm, we go to the dining area of our unit for lunch.
This is not in euros. It is in American dollars.
Unfortunately, there was no one around.
Please conduct yourself with dignity.
Everyone knows I don't like Tom.
I should cancel the trip to LA.
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
An old worker was found repairing machinery in the workshop.
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
I'm going fishing with him.
I bought a book.
Did you make that mistake on purpose?
I tried to listen to him carefully.
You need to wear a helmet.
Japan is not rich in natural resources.
Don't miss the bus.
He waited until she came.
Tom has a pretty big mouth.
I don't think that she will come.
The patient is getting worse and worse day by day.
The fire reduced the house to ashes.
How did you get this injury on your foot?
Is there anything I can do?
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors.
Does she like oranges?
You really are lucky, aren't you?
By the way, did you hear that Mary quit her job?
You should eat more vegetables.
Is there a supermarket nearby?
I hope to see Tom soon.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
No one understands me.
But you have kids.
Our world is only one small part of the universe.
He ordered a cup of tea.
The list is as follows.
My friend lives near the border of Switzerland and Germany.
I don't feel like myself, knowing there's a cat in my house.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
Are you talking?
If it had not been for your advice, I would have failed.
And open your textbook at page ten.
When will you go out?
Is there a TV in your bedroom?
The candle went out instead of having been put out.
What'd I do?
This is wrong.
I heard Tom screaming.
I can play Chopin.
Were you in America last month?
I live in an apartment.
The information you gave me is of little use.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
I want to give Mum a plant.
This table is made out of wood.
Every opinion is a mixture of truth and error.
Nothing is going his way.
I have to help.
My brother seems to enjoy himself at college.
I learned to play guitar when I was ten years old.
He needs to be punished.
Thank you, I've had enough.
I have many friends.
My roommate is learning Chinese.
What type of food do you like?
What do you want me to do?
A bus driver is responsible for the safety of the passengers.
Tom cleared his throat and continued to speak.
No one could guess why that thing had happened to him.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
The rich are apt to look down upon the poor.
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
Nothing in nature is useless.
He retired to his own room after supper.
The motel can accommodate as many as 400 guests.
Where do I get an airport bus?
What are you going to do?
Start at the beginning.
You didn't need to bring your umbrella.
My shirt isn't dry yet.
His wounded leg began to bleed again.
In our time, there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying.
The same thing is happening here in Boston.
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.
Why does Tom call me Mary?
A bowl of rice weighs about 180 grams.
The storm brought about much damage.
I'm from Australia.
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
Someday I'll run like the wind.
The two answers are both correct.
Reasoning with a villain is pointless.
The price of meat dropped.
Should I take this medicine?
Einstein predicted that the Sun's gravity would bend light.
We have it in your size, but not in that colour.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I want Tom put in prison.
She did it all by herself.
I've rented a room not far from here.
Paper is very easy to set on fire.
Let's try it out.
Her husband is usually drunk.
I believe you'll get over it soon.
It is going to rain.
We will all be playing in the dormitory tomorrow night, can you come?
Everybody's worried.
I need a stamp.
He hates being misunderstood.
They are fighting.
Tom sneaked up behind Mary.
I do not know that dance.
All my cakes are delicious!
I plan to work in a brothel.
We know the identity of Tom's killer.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
You look thirsty.
We don’t have time for that!
Tom didn't want to come.
This is a Chinese language book.
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character.
It's wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
You're the best man for the job.
She was wearing a red dress.
Follow me into the room.
Do you deliver on Sundays?
Tom seemed quite busy, didn't he?
Are you here on business?
I've been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
I'm Tom's wife.
My father likes tennis.
Tom sat down.
I know a good lawyer who can help you.
Necessity knows no law.
I didn't like the interface of that operating system.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I know how to solve the problem.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Traffic lights work all the time.
We heard a voice from the bedroom.
The machine works all day.
How often do you go to the movies every month?
Keep it.
I'll be here tomorrow, I think.
I lost my credit card.
Mary is pregnant with twins.
Help me find an empty room for myself.
It is up to you whether to buy it or not.
It's not an issue if he argues with his wife, but he shouldn't hit her.
There are two cows in the village.
You should turn in your term papers by the end of April.
Tom has short hair.
I nearly left my brolly on the train.
I can translate between Chinese and English, and can participate in negotiations with foreigners.
There were not more than one hundred passengers on board the ferry.
Britain is an island as well.
She'll understand.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
This machine is out of order.
My wife is always finding fault with me.
I played with the baby on my knee.
Is she still sleeping?
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
He goes to the mosque five times a day.
Houses made of wood are the easiest to catch on fire.
He almost died.
They have been here since 1989.
He vowed to give up smoking.
Are you ready to order now?
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.
What is the price?
My dream is to be a baseball player.
Tom is a true man.
Make the best of your opportunities.
You can come pick up the goods, or we can bring them to you.
You're nothing but a student.
He ascribes his failure to bad luck.
Is Tom eating?
She seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
I will be visiting Athens.
The entire sales staff has worked around the clock for a week.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.
Let me know.
Were you in Boston for a long time?
Those who know won't say, and those who will don't know.
Tom asked me to shut the gate.
It is inevitable that I go to France someday, I just don't know when.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
A fish bone has stuck in my throat.
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
A dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's.
Did you hear me?
They sell candy.
Tom, you've got to get up.
You are a big slacker.
Choose one.
I slipped and fell down the stairs.
The cat caught a mouse.
Let's review.
These fireworks are spectacular!
English is a universal language and is used all over the world.
He went in by himself.
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
I just can't solve it.
I may be antisocial, but it doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
The old man is very kind.
This house belongs to Mr Yamada.
There's something I've been meaning to discuss with you.
What does he have in his hand?
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal, oil, or natural gas is burned.
Don't open your book.
My sister is cheering for a young Sumo wrestler.
That CD is my son's.
He seldom stays home on Sundays.
Your death was not in vain.
It seems pretty obvious.
Shortly after the war my father bought a new house, in which I was born.
Ann loves chocolate more than anything.
Let's not beat around the bush here! I'm pregnant, and you're the kid's father.
Please water the flowers.
I heard the front doorbell ring.
Here's your tea.
Which Buddhist school of thought do they belong to?
I advertised my house in the newspaper.
The monkey cannot sit still.
If I had the money, I would immediately purchase this computer.
This ticket is good for three days.
I will be at home when she comes next.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
By the time Tom got home, we were already eating dinner.
We felt relieved when we saw a light in the distance.
What are the prerequisites for a child to learn the piano?
No matter what you may say, I will not change my mind.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before my creative ability improves.
I'd like to try this on. Where are the fitting rooms?
He called me.
I know an English language instructor who comes from Canada.
Please look over the map on page 25.
Do you drink alcohol every day?
Do you want wine?
She kept crying all night.
He took off his glasses.
I found this book interesting from beginning to end.
Is she at home?
I can't locate the source of the problem.
One must understand and cherish fortune before creating it.
Do you know how to swim?
Tom seems a little confused.
She got on a bus for Harajuku.
I feel a yearning for the university.
Are you free tomorrow?
My father is not Spanish, he is Portuguese.
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.
Someone yelled for help.
Don't all speak at once.
I knew since middle school that only because I was so lonely was I able to expend so much energy on studying.
Tom said Mary hit him.
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
His voice is loud.
It's totally dark outside.
The exam that every student failed is harder than the exam that every student passed.
Tom seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink.
This is from her.
The Earth moves around the sun.
The treaty was not a success.
He is unable to complete it.
It makes no sense whatsoever.
All of you are familiar with the truth of the story.
Jiang Feng escaped and afterwards Yuenu gave birth to two boys, but the 12 zodiacs had been lying in wait and ambushed them. Suddenly two princesses from Yihua Palace appeared. They made Yuenu kill herself, and shortly after, Jiang Feng committed suicide.
She was in a hurry to see her father.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
If you don't watch out, you'll soon fall in the water.
That's our house.
I thought we were going to do this together.
I have many friends in foreign countries.
Don't give up English.
Many books have been stolen.
One is Japanese and the other is Italian.
Do you have anything to say?
The house in which we lived was torn down.
He particularly liked history.
Where is Room 105?
The Second World War was not yet over.
I have to return this book to the library today.
Where is the nearest station?
How about taking a rest?
Youth has its own culture.
Please write down your residential address and home number.
Her line of reasoning is attractive, but ultimately fallacious.
Three cubed makes twenty-seven.
Hopefully you'll comply with traffic regulations after this.
Could you take a picture of us?
Her skin is more white than snow.
Don't you have a phone number?
Marie is probably rich.
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
Cheers!
An ambassador is an honest man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country.
Everything changed.
The old man gave the child shelter.
Nothing in the world is worth having or worth doing unless it means effort, pain, difficulty.
The friend who I thought would pass the exam failed it.
I'll be back within a couple of hours.
I am in London.
I'm Korean.
It's me.
I love reading novels.
The CEO is very satisfied with the result.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
She doesn't use salt when cooking.
Is it already so late?
I have to go to the hospital.
I can't keep this up. It's an emotional roller coaster around here and all we have to do is look at the boss's face to know whether everybody is going to be happy or sad.
Even if you don't want to, you have to go.
I know how to write fifty-four Chinese characters.
Is it too early for red wine?
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.
You shouldn't have sold this to someone.
Mary, I love you.
How many plates do we have?
Mary and Alice are a legally married same sex couple.
He tried to unify the various groups.
I'm allergic to milk.
Ken collects old coins.
I want to reserve a first-class stateroom.
Did you know that the proper EMT response to a prolapsed uterus is to make a gloved fist and shove the uterus and your fist itself up the vagina? Also, once you've done that, you're stuck in that position until you get to the hospital!
I found the book interesting.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
French is so difficult that I don't want to learn it any more.
Tom is a realtor.
She is afraid of her own shadow.
We stayed there the whole night.
We can't know what the future has in store.
All of these sentences need a full stop.
How much money does he make a month?
Please pick me up at the airport at five.
Owing to the storm, they arrived late.
Bring a couple more chairs.
Why is it not okay if it's your sister?
May I drink alcohol?
He is in a relationship with a foreign student.
Forgive, but don't forget.
Someone has taken my shoes by mistake.
Why do you study every day?
Everyone had a good time at the party.
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.
Tom works long hours.
He wanted to succeed, even at the cost of his health.
Who are you?
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
I know what can happen here.
"Are you sure you want to call the police?" I asked her.
Canada is on the north side of America.
He had two sons, who became doctors.
The sky will probably turn clear in the afternoon.
Jane was about to leave the house.
There was a cottage on the side of the hill.
Woof, woof, woof!
I need to take medications.
Her performance is really good.
I haven't changed.
Please wait until we get the results of the examination.
You must do all you can lest you should regret later.
She told me that there is an important meeting tomorrow.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
What a pity you can't dance!
It may snow in the afternoon.
Pandas are beautiful animals.
She always looked happy, but never was.
One of the students didn't come today.
I want to study abroad next year.
That one over there is Mercury.
She is just as beautiful as her mother.
Tom is one of the guys in my class.
You should not have lent the money to such a person.
She got married at seventeen.
We're eating apples.
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.
Mountains are not necessarily green.
Everything will be fine, just believe in yourself!
Call me sometime.
We'll have to go back.
It is Thursday.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
I wanted to show it to you.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
I never felt at ease in my father's company.
I'll give you a prescription.
I eat here.
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long.
Please keep this secret.
The prediction was falsified by the result.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
I might die tomorrow.
This year is definitely a special year in human history.
She's completely sure that she's not pregnant.
Try to lose weight by jogging.
Sorry. It's all my fault.
She went to Italy to study music.
Could you please speak a little bit more slowly?
I don't know where he is.
Open it carefully.
Were you busy?
I would still like to hear Tom's opinion before coming to a conclusion.
The dog was hit by a truck.
The dog is trying to escape.
People need to stop hating.
Remember to shut the windows.
Bring me a glass of water.
You can stay as long as you like.
Tom is just a little nervous.
I can't remember when was the last time I've seen her smile.
After a couple of drinks, the guy was feeling no pain.
I know it's difficult to believe.
She has a very quick mind.
I almost never lie.
He laughed a hearty laugh.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
I didn't get your name.
She's hiding the truth from us.
I am doing my homework.
I want to stay here longer.
Please shut the door behind you.
I am glad when I speak Quechua.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
If you want to keep healthy, you should do more exercises.
When did you fall in love with me?
Do you think I don't want to?
Mary carries pepper spray in her purse.
Won't you join us for dinner?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Whether by a Hitler salute or a hand on your heart, I consider the expression of patriotism to be the symptoms of a disease, whose cause and cure should be more closely studied.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
She got sick, so she didn't go to school.
How much is that mountain bike?
I'm always here.
She was scared to cross the road.
The thief got away with the money.
My ear is itching.
Can I fix you a hot drink?
My father's hair has grown white.
The skiing conditions were very good.
It's wrong to lie.
Please do not forget your belongings.
Have you ever had any serious illness?
He can't be very wealthy, judging from his salary.
His wife's a friend of mine.
I want to sleep.
Dad, where's my glass?
It's a pity they're getting divorced.
That's what I want.
Tom was making French fries.
I live in this hotel.
My brother always gets up earlier than I.
What impression do you have of China?
Are you referring to me?
Let me be nervous about this.
The dragon is one of the cultural emblems of China.
Make a list.
I'm three years younger than you.
I'm blessed with good health.
I'd like you to tell me the truth.
He is good to me.
Almost all the American TV series of the last few years were written by homosexuals.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
I am able to drive a car.
Tom seems to be prepared.
You have no manners.
I lost my umbrella.
I'm 24 years old.
We got to be friends.
Yes, Fitzpatrick. He comes from the U.S.
Tom counted his money.
I'll always remember the first time I saw her.
What if someone sees us?
I helped my father yesterday.
You should do that soon.
Remember to brush your teeth.
George felt the train begin to move.
I can't sleep tonight.
So it was all a lie.
Ziri is no longer welcome here.
I knew I was going to win.
I built an amplifier yesterday.
I have diabetes.
It is said that truth always triumphs.
She decided to enter the room.
Aren't you going to go with me?
He often goes abroad on business.
We both drive sports cars.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
I bought her a nice Christmas present.
I love the Norwegian language!
Did they buy juice?
You should have known better.
She can also speak a little bit of French.
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while.
Tom is coughing again.
I like each of them.
Mathematics is my favorite subject.
If you're not a loser by nature, then people won't trust you.
You're very pretty.
Pride cometh before a fall.
Yesterday we wrote our essays.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
One roll of color film, please.
This new project in Java doesn't concern me at all, because I'm a PHP developer.
I've decided to go a little further.
The bridge is being repaired.
Hand me my towel.
There was a large crowd in the park.
Tell me the truth.
Things are totally different now.
Hold on a moment, please.
English is spoken in a lot of countries.
And no one helped you?
I speak Classical Greek.
You have to be patient.
Women tend to live longer than men.
I forgot to telephone him today.
We're vegans.
In a struggle of power, if you aren't with us, you're against us.
Don't forget me.
Why are you here?
If I were invisible, I wouldn't have to wear anything.
Why don't you wear a dress?
Everyone I know uses Google.
That isn't fair.
There is a bookstore in front of the department store.
He knocked on the door.
Tom wasn't the only one who didn't say anything.
Your brother got married, didn't he?
His words surprised me.
He described the incident in detail.
Tom said that Mary snored.
My father's condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
Tom has just finished eating dinner.
The red geranium is very beautiful.
I want to spend my life with Mary.
When will you come back to Italy?
Well, I must be going.
The plan isn't workable.
Miss! I feel sick.
He's vegan.
Swallows fly very fast.
Tom said he wanted to eat Chinese food.
We're involved.
He looked over my report.
Who's taller, you or me?
I love this car.
This story is based on facts.
What do you think about this plan?
I speak French, too.
How can I feel relaxed, with you watching me like that?
Thank God.
I will write letters to you as often as I can.
That's encouraging.
When did you graduate from Oxford?
They said they didn't need our help.
Who decided that?
Easy on the mustard.
He finally realised his brother is missing.
But no man could help me.
Do the people of your country eat rice?
I got him to wash my car for a hundred dollars.
Aren't you happy about this?
Not a few monkeys were found in the mountain.
They love that song.
Tom didn't know what Mary thought about it.
He wrote a letter, listening to music.
Every other day I go with a friend; we lift weights whilst chatting together.
My sister is crazy about tennis.
The news quickly spread.
The machine was too complicated for us to find out the cause of the trouble.
I had no idea Tom was not happy.
This hotel does not serve lunch.
I know that this is important to you.
You should've never interfered.
Last week I quickly read four books in my room.
I actually agree with you.
They all laughed at his jokes.
How much longer will I have to stay in the hospital?
Were I you, I would ignore it.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Look, eat, listen, learn.
I hear you have been sick.
This is a very important meeting.
He's my father.
I don't mind getting up at six.
That's kind of far from Europe, don't you think?
It's not what you wear, it's how you wear it.
Do you have walking shoes?
I have lost my umbrella somewhere in the park. I have to buy one.
He's Taro's younger brother.
He asked me if I liked mathematics.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
Get under the table.
What meal are you making?
I don't know how much this motorcycle is.
Sami got there really late.
I had a good time at the party.
What will you have to drink?
Tom is only pretending he isn't interested.
I feel like having some dumplings.
He was hurt in a car accident.
London is famous for its fog.
She described him as a detective.
Did you eventually respond?
How many foreign languages can you speak?
Have you washed the car yet?
I'm the only one who survived.
He asked her to marry him, but she refused.
He doesn't know who stabbed him.
My wife's name is Lidia Zarębowa.
Please find us a table for two people.
Does this train stop at Kunshan station?
And Tony was the oldest.
I heard from someone that she got married.
Do you know how old I am?
Tom doesn't like carrots.
She speaks English very fluently.
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
I'm satisfied with his progress.
I wish to marry you.
What time do you open?
The roads are slippery on a rainy day. Be careful not to fall.
To my surprise, he was good at singing.
We hardly have time to eat breakfast.
Most teams perform better when they have a home game.
Anne will not come to our party.
Tom is thirty years old.
Newsflash: People a couple of hundred years ago didn't speak the same as we do.
He has been studying for two hours.
I have no more money in my wallet.
Remember to mail this letter.
I just finished reading this book.
Animals are afraid of fire.
Tell him to call me tomorrow at noon.
I'm going to buy a cell phone tomorrow.
Tom told me to take good care of myself.
I had a good night's sleep.
Do you play any instrument other than the piano?
It saddens me to hear you say that.
He thinks he's so great.
Mr. Zhu's appointment is around 8:30. Until then, please wait here.
Most toothpastes contain fluoride.
I miss college.
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
He works for an advertising agency.
It's hard to endure the boastings of the French.
I like playing baseball.
We're going to stay there for three weeks.
I guess you are right.
This school has many students.
California is about as large as Japan.
He said only stupid things.
Your memory is good.
I hope Tom has learned his lesson.
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.
Do you have anything to declare?
I don't understand why you like this kind of music.
Can't you keep your dog from coming into my garden?
The man is making a telephone call.
She bought chicken.
My phone charger is broken.
There are three of us.
Does he go to school?
Did Cathy go, too?
It is not always cold in Hokkaido.
Fish and red wine don't go well together.
Bill brought me this book.
What fruit is red?
Do you love your mother?
I worked for him for ten years.
My bike is broken.
My Danish pronunciation is not very accurate.
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.
Listen.
I'm sorry for being late.
The principal severely reproved the students whenever they made a mess in the hallway.
Trees give off oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
Water is liquid.
That was a close call.
Rubén is the father of three children.
Tom was ready to work.
Don't make a noise.
Did you get the package that I sent you?
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?
Don't worry, I'm sure that I can find someone else!
This is the color of raspberries.
I can't believe it!
That box is made of wood.
I don't remember what I was watching in the end.
Who died?
He is at home.
I can't play the piano, but she can.
I'm glad we didn't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers.
Tom is now on vacation.
Did you kill Tom?
My mother used to be into tennis.
Lobbyists for the bill funneled bribes into a campaign fund.
I'm bleeding.
You must get rid of that bad habit.
That was the only way we could defend ourselves against all this terrible shooting.
I can't afford to buy that.
He is a tall boy.
Ireland and England are separated by the sea.
Is Tom well?
You have beautiful lips.
Mary was lucky to find her keys.
How much does a kilogram of pineapples cost?
English is a Germanic language.
I accepted her invitation.
We need to meet with her.
My father is busy.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
In all likelihood, this means war.
They are happy with the result.
Did you want you wanted to participate in the meeting?
Look after the cattle.
It's difficult for me to solve this problem.
I was searched by the customs officers at the airport.
Boris Johnson is the British Donald Trump.
I'm sorry for your not having come with us.
I am a duck. I speak English.
Where are the toilets, please?
We caught the thief.
Why are you always shouting?
I don't understand what you are talking about.
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
I always got up early when I was a kid.
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.
You should know it.
After retirement, Teresa devoted herself to caring for orphans.
You ought to thank him.
This has nothing to do with me.
How do you spell your surname?
Did he succeed in the examination?
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
All the furniture in the room was all worn out.
Tom is really angry.
I don't want to buy a newspaper today.
I am English.
Children and drunks don't lie.
We erected our tent.
She took a walk before breakfast.
He walked home.
He paid the prostitute the fee without being aware of the surveillance camera.
My house is big.
You must always tell the truth.
I will be your guarantor.
As a boy I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at the white clouds.
Neither Tom nor Mary knows how to play the clarinet.
I think that that would be fun.
Is it OK to come tomorrow, too?
I've noticed that having fun doesn't interfere at all with your studies. I just can't.
Tom and Nancy broke up last month.
Do you like Japanese cuisine?
Last year, he spent three months at sea.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
It turned green.
He has long hair.
He intruded on her privacy.
His plan sounds impracticable.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
They have a good time.
None of us are perfect.
He took up golf this spring.
And even outside these nations, English is perhaps more widely used as a medium of international communication than any other language.
This time, the nuclear test was a success.
You are a fast learner.
He often drives his father's car.
It's no use trying to escape.
It was very kind of you to lend me an umbrella.
He sang some old songs.
This toy car runs on batteries.
He had a large family to support.
If I had worked hard in my youth, I would be successful now.
Tom has large hands.
He sat down at the piano and plonked out as best he could the "Happy Birthday" song.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
I've been told Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Nothing's as important as peace.
I don't want to drink anything.
The little fridge is dirty.
This is the last time I'll ask you to do anything for me.
Give me a different example.
Hotshot!
The forest path had been utterly covered by snow.
Strictly speaking, you are wrong.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
I think Tom is talented.
Many boys and girls were present.
If I lost my key, I wouldn't be able to lock the door.
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?
I cannot sleep.
The man sold his soul to the devil.
I have asthma.
Kiev is Ukraine's capital city.
Tom doesn't know anyone.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
Tom told me where he lived.
You can never have too much ego.
She accused him of stealing her money.
Why are you studying English?
English is taught in most countries.
Maybe we should take a step back before we fall?
These people are so weird.
Can I use your pencil?
It's not blood. It's beet.
We visited his home country for the first time.
Tom works at a library.
His teachings are incorporated in a profound book Daode Jing which Taoists regard as the final authority and doctrines of the religion.
Do you have many friends?
Wash the dishes.
There's no doubt Tom poisoned Mary.
Tom has a heart condition.
Tom and Mary's story is very theatrical.
Today is March 5th.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
When I speak Chinese, I start to feel at ease.
The bread isn't fresh.
Be nice to others.
What did you go to Kyoto for?
I studied around the clock.
What did you ask?
Flower arrangement is a part of Japanese culture.
It will not be long before we can take a trip to the moon.
How can a router be used to limit network speed?
It's exactly as you say it is.
After sleeping well, I felt much better.
If you get lost in the street, ask a policeman.
His office is very close to mine.
You go to school, don't you?
Does your friend speak Esperanto?
Something might have happened to her.
Do you speak Farsi?
You should not be rude towards beauties and you should not waste good wine. You must keep these two things in mind in the future.
I can only see it getting worse.
I didn't see anybody.
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.
He was nearing his end.
My brother is an idiot.
I can sing well.
I met the prince himself.
My grandfather likes to walk.
This theater seats several hundred people.
I study French after dinner every day.
I would rather starve than steal.
Please sit in here.
Are they tall?
He doesn't know any of us.
Tom freed the bird.
Please give me a break.
Many people go abroad during summer vacation.
I want to go to Germany.
The towel wasn't useful at all.
I inspired my students to work harder.
We didn't bring it back.
This word comes from Latin.
Our refrigerator isn't working.
You're one of them too, aren't you?!
That's the answer.
That's my money.
The house gave no sign of life.
You stay here. Everyone else go outside.
Stop fooling around.
Mr. Wood didn't have any sons.
If a tiger suddenly appeared in front of me, I'd be scared to death.
It's 6.45.
I read an exciting story.
You look surprised.
Thanks for your explanation.
I had words with the manager of that store, because he refused to refund my money for the TV set that wasn't operating properly.
The population of London is much greater than that of any other British city.
Once you cross the river, you'll be safe.
Tom saved her from the fire.
Sorry, we don't accept credit cards.
He is not content with his present salary.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
I cannot forbear expressing my doubts.
Her blue shoes go well with that skirt.
Maria has long hair.
Algeria is a close ally of both Russia and China.
The police accused him of murder.
Breakfast is from seven to nine.
Investing money in your home has some merit; when it is time to sell it you can get more money.
Tom didn't know Mary had a boyfriend.
It's on the house.
I've never flown in a plane.
We had little rain last month.
Break for bath & food, back in about 40 minutes!
He can't afford a new car.
I need to know tomorrow.
I remember seeing her somewhere.
Most Americans can speak English.
"If you're tired, why don't you go to sleep?" "Because if I go to sleep now I will wake up too early."
Rice is grown in rainy regions.
Monkeys are fond of banana.
During droughts, farmers are barely able to eke out a living.
You are at a safe place.
I'm a nomad for life.
Everything I do requires his permission.
The fox and the bear lived together.
We ran three kilometers.
I got the book back from him.
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
His thesis summed up the new achievements made in computers, artificial satellites and rockets.
I never sleep.
Why does the phone have to ring all the time only when I'm busy? I can't get any work done because of it.
He has left already.
I will hit the sack.
Work slowly.
We have not yet arranged the time to leave for Nanjing.
Isn't that annoying?
I learned to use a command block today.
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.
Some people like red wine and some people like white wine.
I'll have exams right after the summer holidays.
Did you know there was a secret passage hidden behind the bookcase?
A full moon can be seen tonight.
He is like a frog in a well.
My uncle gave me his car.
The Japanese Parliament today officially elected Ryūtarō Hashimoto as the country's 52nd prime minister.
Don't go to the post office.
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
This website is very useful.
I planned to meet the professor at 1:30.
How many boys are there in this class?
I thought Tom would want to know about that.
I'm sorry that I kept you waiting.
He forgot that he bought her a present.
I'm not busy now.
I didn't have lunch today.
I really don't need any help.
Compare your answer with Tom's.
I used to wash Tom's and Mary's cars for them.
I heard my name called.
If you cry because you miss the sun when it goes away, then you will also miss the stars.
Tom should've already discussed that with you.
Tom followed Mary into her office.
You had better keep your money for a rainy day.
When?
I envy you your luck.
That plane will take off at five.
May I use your car today?
The turbulent sands above our heads, the flinging of our swords... they're naught but falling stars in the night sky.
This tea tastes good.
My friend lives near the Swiss German border.
At the library.
How much will it cost?
I hope to leave that city, and never come back.
It is founded on supposition.
They love that.
Tell me what to do.
It would be great if you could sing.
I don't know the end of the story.
Tom has a brilliant future.
I saw Tom leaving his house.
Tom is sharpening a knife.
China gives me many different impressions.
"I wish you were all mine!" said the little black rabbit.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting for such a long time.
He told her many lies.
I saw him crossing the street.
We were on the train for ten hours.
Is there anything else you want?
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.
Who's the girl in this picture?
I came to Japan two years ago.
The volcano has become active again.
Would you like to take a stroll around the park with me?
I wanted to earn some money, so I worked part time three days a week.
You'll soon get accustomed to this cold weather.
I'm glad to make your acquaintance.
They now have three children.
Please fill this water bottle.
Someone is at the door.
He told me not to tell lies.
His mother doesn't know he's gay.
Sami loves Cairo.
It's about time you got the tea ready.
It is absolutely impossible to do so.
Would you please autograph this book?
Tom's intentions were quite clear.
What is aspirin made of?
I am going to stay here till the day after tomorrow.
We ought to buy some new office equipment: the stuff we've got is out of date.
When you're trying to prove something, it helps to know it's true.
Tom should wait until Monday.
Looks really nice.
Do you like honey?
It's raining really hard.
He took a trip to Europe.
Tom's lonely.
The thick fog made it hard to see the road.
You must be careful of the traffic when you cross the street.
It's a trap!
I asked you to buy fish, not chicken!
Open the door and let me in, please.
Excuse me. Can you speak English?
I'm losing my grip.
While in England I often consulted the guidebook.
He is busy.
There are no comments yet.
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
That isn't altogether false.
Tom'll go.
I counted to two hundred.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
I only have one sweet left.
My father had me wash the car.
I got to the bank and luckily didn't have to get in line.
Think about this.
You should learn how to control that mood of yours.
Jane is in serious trouble.
How long are you planning to stay?
I phone him every day.
May I see your driver's license?
Do you like China?
You can count on Jack.
She has been absent since last Wednesday.
In London, the police are always worried about finding a bomb on the train or subway.
The soldiers retreated from their positions.
There are a few apples on the tree, aren't there?
I want to be a computer programmer.
Human beings communicate in many ways.
I am Minghui.
His leg was bitten by a crocodile.
We aren't afraid of death.
She used to live hand to mouth.
I'm so sorry about yesterday.
Tom is working the night shift.
I rode my bicycle to the store.
Where's my plate?
What happened here?
You remind me of your brother.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
I phoned him.
Tom wouldn't like it.
She couldn't attend that party because she was sick.
I'm not a nationalist, I'm a patriot.
Save it on the external hard drive.
You should've been more prudent.
I don't know what it is to be homesick.
We hired him.
Sue is an American student.
I'll be watching you.
I saw Tom.
You may be right, but we have a slightly different opinion.
I told Tom I'd be willing to loan him some money.
The boy fell of fright when he saw a ghost.
Did you find the book interesting?
We got behind the car and pushed.
We probably don't have enough time to finish doing that today.
We are used to eating plain food.
I accompanied her on the piano.
How about another beer?
Visiting a foreign country must be expensive.
Freedom has a cost.
Eat noodles.
I walked in the woods by myself.
I just wish we could leave this horrible place.
The cake I made was not eaten by you, it was eaten by your sister.
How do I get to the other side?
Water and oil are both liquids.
I don't understand why he didn't tell the truth.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
We are against working on Sundays.
This is my house.
When he reached the station, the train had already left almost half an hour before.
They are both in the room.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished.
His brave deed earned him respect.
You really are rude, aren't you?
Can I help you?
His teeth are yellow.
She's still dependent on her parents.
Don't hold your rival cheap.
None of us dare take the lift to the top floor.
A stable economy is the aim of every government.
Say no to drugs.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
Then the street was quiet.
We tried to come up to the standard.
I lost my notebook today.
Do you like rap?
Please say it once more.
Is the room big enough for you?
I appreciate your concern.
The situation is difficult.
I've never drank milk with tea.
I'm sorry I hurt you.
Today, we are going to unravel the mystery of the English subjunctive.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
"Fire!", he cried.
He threw the ball against the wall.
He said to me, "You look sad. What is the matter with you?"
I used to go swimming in the sea when I was a child.
We live in the United States.
Eat fruit.
Sorry, please let me off.
He is not one for hard work.
I don't like him anymore.
Why don't you go to hell?
My sister is shorter than you.
The best hairdressers are gay.
It's not clear what the writer is trying to say.
I have lived here for thirty years.
I mistook Ann for her sister.
His plan is to build a bridge over that river.
A fire broke out after the earthquake.
Will you go to America next year?
What was the weather like last Sunday?
I plan to go to France next year.
I hate coffee.
Speaking without thinking is like shooting without looking.
Love is like oxygen.
You shouldn't have done it.
Only if you come will she come to my birthday party.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
I waited for her a long time.
This is a house and that is a mosque.
There are many hotels downtown.
I was the happiest man on earth.
Will you tell me where I am wrong?
We're on our own.
I like to listen to the radio.
I suspect Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
She is a well-known singer.
The plane flew over the mountain.
Can you lift this stone?
She wore a beautiful dress.
That's a hard question to answer.
Yanni is wasted.
We had a party last night.
Can I sleep here?
Oil and water don't blend.
I wish you a speedy recovery!
Yesterday night, I was almost bitten to death by the laboratory mosquitoes.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
We associate the name of Einstein with the theory of relativity.
This book says that elephants live to be over 100 years old.
My plan is to spend the New Year's holiday in Australia.
Did you see him at the park?
That was a long time ago.
The negotiation is off.
I took it that you would come.
After climbing Mt Fuji I got the inspiration for a poem.
How old are your children?
Defeated revolutions are forgotten quickly.
He is different from what he used to be.
I've decided to go to Hokkaido with my friends next month.
I wonder who invented it.
I guess most of them went home.
To put it bluntly, he's mistaken.
She's really smart, isn't she?
I get chapped lips every winter.
It's about as easy to start a union in a Walmart as it is to start an atheist club in the Vatican.
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.
Each of us is like the moon: there is a dark side of us that we do not let others see.
Tom has just eaten.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
What are you lingering for? Hurry up and go.
I'm closing the door.
What do you play baseball for?
Mary is having a nap after lunch.
This person's worldview is officially unhealthy.
I'm a vegetarian.
A sacred ritual took place in the magnificent temple.
If he doesn't come, we won't go.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
This isn't an eagle.
The baseball game was called off due to rain.
Every person is special.
I would like to learn standard English.
The old church by the lake is very beautiful.
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
How do you know they're not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face?
He got infected with HIV.
Her brother seriously studies.
I follow the rules.
The fresh snow looks beautiful on the hill.
You're a grown man.
Not a star was to be seen.
We don't accept tips.
Can you recommend a good French teacher?
I used to feel it dull.
Take a taxi to the hotel.
There was a steady increase in population.
I get up at 6:30 on school days.
He always mistakes me for my sister.
You spend too much money.
His name is known to everybody in this area.
God exists.
Don't put your elbows on the table.
I want to draw.
The woman is very beautiful.
The first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan.
A winter without snow isn't winter.
His father died last year.
I took to her the moment I met her.
Perhaps it will rain tomorrow.
I believe that you are wrong.
Tom is outside playing.
Please show me what to do next.
The sun sets earlier in the winter.
I think you'll find her.
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on.
You must answer these questions.
He took it literally.
You are welcome.
I don't want there to be any misunderstanding.
I am lucky.
It snowed from Monday to Friday.
It'll be known sooner or later.
The sun is about to set.
Don't you want to talk about it at all?
They stepped a few paces forward.
He was about to fall asleep, when he heard his name called.
I'm an accountant.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
I tried not to wake you up.
This is a very time-consuming task.
It's April already; why is it still so cold?
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
We took an examination in math last week.
Weird.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
I'm a huge fan of golf.
What do you do at home?
Yoshida, don't stress.
If I had money, I'd buy this computer.
Hop in.
The leaves fall off the trees in the fall.
If your visa expires, you must leave China.
Our teacher gives us a lot of homework.
Her head was bursting with new ideas.
We should sort the students' names alphabetically.
Are you going to stay long?
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.
I know an English teacher who comes from Canada.
Give me the number.
Why do bees die after stinging?
You'll get used to living alone very quickly.
She was very surprised.
Is there a hotel around here?
Tom prepared his speech very carefully.
I'm out of here.
True understanding requires the greatest of wisdoms.
I saw Tom standing near the window.
It rained on and off all day.
It's by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith.
Have you ever seen Tokyo Tower?
Tom used to be polite.
I cannot afford to buy a used car.
My sister sometimes makes our dinner.
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
I don't want to play anymore.
This article is very good.
Tom knew that Mary was upset.
Tom is a wanted criminal.
I can't visit you every day.
You can go or stay, as you wish.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
Your cooking is delicious.
Many people are still missing.
In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
I must have caught a cold.
She was hit by a car.
Let him play your guitar.
Damned if I know.
I don't want to live alone.
Good morning, Mike.
Building a new house cost a lot of money.
You're free to go.
A dog will bark at strangers.
Tom climbed from the tree.
There is clearly a problem.
Don't pry into my private life.
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long.
Do you know why it's happening?
I'm studying economics in college.
What is his name?
Can I be of help?
Every year, the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books.
Are you absolutely sure?
The children are playing with toys.
It's gotten better.
These problems must be dealt with carefully.
My father had already finished breakfast when I got up this morning.
Yes, this one is very nice. How much does it cost?
I've never believed that war is good.
Jack can't afford a new bicycle.
Man is the only animal that can speak.
Did you really hug Tom?
Do you shave every morning?
I'll give you this money.
I’ve started learning Esperanto.
I buy the goods at $3 a dozen.
He often writes to his parents.
There is no factory in this village.
Once it's spring, we'll go.
What are you doing that for?
The list is as follows:
This is Room 839.
Make love, not war.
It began raining just now.
You said you were in trouble. How can I help?
One is new, and the other is old.
I drive to the office.
My head still felt giddy.
I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
I'm 25 years old.
Nothing new under the sun.
Why didn't you stop them?
I'm very thirsty.
What is the day of the week today?
Winds from the sea are moist.
The talks will last three days.
She has no more than twelve puppies.
I fed the leftovers to my dog.
I hope you stop telling me lies.
My son followed Xiao Wang to buy disks.
The bus stopped, but nobody got off.
Kyoto is visited by many tourists.
Tom or somebody said that.
Did she come here to relax?
Tom deleted his Facebook account.
His mother made him clean the bathroom.
He lost a fortune in the stock market.
Tom wasn't at school today.
What does Tom know about me?
Enjoy your life while you are able to.
My younger brother swims every day in the summer.
Why did you buy a Japanese car?
If you have time, let's go shopping.
She forgot to write to him.
I have lost one of my folders.
The doctor gave me a shot.
The crowd is going nuts.
I will wait for you in front of the radio station.
She doesn't like how the skirt looks.
You'll be punished if you break the law.
They waited in line for the bus.
This girl is afraid of dogs.
I wrote her a love letter.
I like my job.
He lost his eyesight.
Nice guys finish last.
Leave him alone.
Let me think for a while.
Who is your teacher?
I want to work with your company.
I called him this morning.
I decided to go to college to major in English.
Did you see him in the park?
I will write Judy a letter.
My father stopped smoking.
I'm pretty sure that we have enough gas to get home.
I prefer to be alone.
I want a new cellphone!
She lived there about five years.
The bottle is filled with water.
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
I should've paid more attention.
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
Let's play tennis in the afternoon.
Forget it, those are just trivial details.
She is proud of her husband being rich.
I haven't been sailing for years.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
I'm a little taller than you.
Could you introduce me to a lawyer?
I think you should do that before you go home today.
Well prepared means no worries.
You might not find it.
Besides the piano, can you play any other instruments?
How much money do you owe Tom?
A little reflection will show you that you are wrong.
Where did you go that night?
I forgot to call him.
Because of its origins, Canadian English has features of both American and British English.
Who wrote these stories?
The rain has stopped.
Our yacht club has ten members.
You had better not walk around in such a place.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
Smoking affects our health.
This is the house where she used to live.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
This cloth irons well.
He is wearing glasses.
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.
Tom was conservative.
Which cities are you all going to?
This fruit is better than that one!
It's not as difficult as you think.
Mary is always saying that Tom isn't romantic enough.
Tom was a teacher for nearly thirty years.
Five hundred years ago, they were one family.
I want you.
She was always quarreling with her parents.
He was again looking forward to the start of winter.
That pool really looks inviting.
She wore a red cheongsam.
I have to take the entrance examination today.
He is determined to succeed at any price.
My mother bought some apples at the fruit shop.
You didn't eat.
Banks charge higher interest on loans to risky customers.
She's not sleepy.
I have finished my homework.
I haven't decided whether to study at university or to get a job.
I have a cough and a little fever.
On my way home, I met him.
I have to hurry!
You're welcome to do anything you like.
You are ridiculous!
Tom turned around and started to run.
I never thought it would come to this.
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
She is a native speaker of Serbian.
Follow that car.
Why are there so many people?
If it isn't a bad, dirty, or wrong thing, then it's alright.
The general meeting began at 9 am on the dot.
You're really wonderful.
I almost forgot my lunch.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
It all depends on you.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
Do you know why spring rolls are called spring rolls?
Mangroves sequester more carbon than any other trees on Earth because they have quite a large underground root structure.
God is the creator. Heaven and Earth and people and everything apart from God are created.
I hope Tom's predictions are wrong.
How've ya' been lately?
It is spring.
Can you tell me your address?
It can also kill crops.
I think we should try it.
My mother can't drive a car.
Each time he escaped, he returned to this region.
English is my native language.
Do you know where I live?
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
It was a quiet winter evening.
One's teachers should be treated with respect.
All life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
Today my mother is sick, so my father will cook.
I have to catch the early train tomorrow.
Tom covered his face with his hands.
I'm Turkish.
His success is due more to his persistent hard work than to his talent.
I don't have four brothers.
They ran after us.
English is used by many people.
Tom washed the potatoes.
Even if he is busy, he will come.
Please call the fire department.
Tom makes a lot of money.
The victim had been beaten up and left for dead.
The wind is blowing from the east.
I wonder if a day will come when money will be something found only in museums.
Tom began again.
It is terrible weather today.
I think it impossible for me to write a novel in French.
Thirty-two Madagascan students who receive scholarship are flying to China.
The job is interesting, and then again, the pay is good.
Do you know this man in the picture?
We just have to make sure Tom is planning to be here.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
It's your choice.
Do not talk with your mouth full.
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
Their food was great last time.
Wonder is the true character of the philosopher.
I know we're alive.
He promised to come, and didn't.
She made fun of her husband.
This gives me renewed hopes.
Take your time.
I'm afraid of dentists.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
He's an architect.
Refer to the dictionary as often as possible.
It would be ridiculous to spend all their money.
I'm not sure, but I think I know where to go.
This word is also French in origin.
We wear uniforms at our school.
My name's Ricardo, and you?
They looked relieved only when it was in motion.
Please put on these slippers.
You are inferior to me.
I am bored.
Tom has been on the wanted list for three years.
Now my income is twice what it was two years ago.
This is Russia!
Good luck on your test.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
I know everything about you.
There are some boys in the park.
He is going to take charge of a project concerning the future of the company.
Tom's eavesdropping.
My room is twice as big as his.
Jane is as old as I am.
I'd like three pounds of chicken.
He has been sick since last Sunday.
My name is Luis.
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a proverb.
It's all my fault.
I am repairing the washing machine.
We discussed the problem for a long time.
I don't have a bicycle.
We want to know the facts.
Would you please tell me the way?
I'd rather skip school and play video games.
We want Tom.
Please wait.
Please show me your driver's license.
Maybe we should open it now.
Tom was captured.
Can you think of any examples?
I'm sorry, my boss is sleeping right now. Please come back tomorrow.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
Please feel free to call me up.
I'll come back to Japan tomorrow.
How did you find my house?
You should have refused his offer.
I agree with you completely.
The bus will take time.
He can't answer their questions.
You must be mentally exhausted.
Water poured from the broken pipe.
I got fired from the company, but since I have a little money saved up, for the time being, I won't have trouble with living expenses.
Tom is interested in math.
My mother has good handwriting.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
What is your favourite fast-food restaurant?
It is a great joy to see your own sentences translated into a multitude of other languages.
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Horses are stronger than deer.
The threat to Richmond was ended.
I can't speak English as well as he can.
Where are you from?
I'm super hungry.
How did we get here?
Tom didn't tell me he'd gotten divorced.
I know Tom is a teacher here.
Are the train tickets expensive?
You made a wise choice.
When I was in college, I could forget to bring my music player or my camera and still be ok. These days, if I forget my smartphone, I'm screwed!
They greeted me with a smile.
My father drinks no spirits.
Tom only speaks one language.
Tomorrow there's a high probability it will rain.
Do you like swimming?
The police assembled a lot of evidence against him.
Tom said Mary is shy.
I don't sleep well.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
After having anal sex with my girlfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
After you have read it, give the book back to me.
He refused to shake my hand.
I don't want you to leave.
The man is starving.
They have already been informed.
I don't know what kind of person he is.
She asked how to cook fish.
Lucy and I are not colleagues, we are classmates.
Tom says he isn't feeling well.
He turned to his friends for help.
The Netherlands is divided into twelve provinces.
We always hear people asking when they'll meet someone who'll help turn their life around, but why not ask instead who isn't that someone?
The head of the World Health Organization said Monday he will begin an independent evaluation of the U.N. health agency’s response to the coronavirus pandemic “at the earliest appropriate moment.”
I remember that man's name very well.
I ate yoghurt this morning.
The aluminum castings must be brushed again.
I am hurt.
My opinion is the opposite.
There are at least thirty students in our class.
I couldn't sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
She wasn't there last month.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
My father is sweeping the garage.
The moon has no light of its own, but rather it reflects the light of the sun to the children of the night.
He's turning red, because he doesn't know how to approach her.
You should go to the doctor.
I'll show you my room.
The Chinese are a hard-working people.
I watched what was unfolding in front of my eyes with bated breath.
I bought the pig yesterday.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan, to risk their lives for us.
Tom exaggerated.
How much do I owe you?
The camera has been borrowed by someone else.
There's no money left in my bank account.
She will forever live on in our memories.
Dad's English is better than Mum's.
Mary is Tom's secretary.
Must I answer all the questions?
Tom looks over seventy.
Do you have an e-mail address?
We miss you and are really looking forward to you being here.
Hua Luogeng is a mathematician.
Hitler hated the Jews.
He is learning how to drive a car.
Could you turn down the volume?
Tom is the richest guy I know.
These books and clothes are all yours.
On the one hand, you are wrong, but on the other hand, I can't blame you for that.
You're in my way.
He's really interested in biology.
Don't worry about us.
He deserves six of the best for being so rude.
Of course he thought it was a joke and let it slide with a "hm?" but he was seriously annoyed. I mean, just don't say things like that even as a joke!
That bag looks expensive.
Why do I have to do that?
His wife is French.
He still remembers the day his mother found out he was smoking.
Tom's a beginner, but he catches on fast.
That will be funny.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
Where is the cafeteria?
During the Great Game, Afghanistan was a buffer state.
Did you buy a return ticket?
I've already been punished.
The Second World War lasted from 1939 to 1945.
Haven't you told him yet?
I want to study math.
Christmas is drawing near.
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
He's a man of outstanding character.
He rode his bicycle there.
I mean it.
To whom are you loyal: me or the king?
She can speak English very well.
My father was lying down while watching TV.
Why do we dream?
Please go away!
The path through the forest was completely covered in snow.
He would rather lose his life than betray his organization.
Let's play together!
Tom has big hands.
She has a lot of respect for her teacher.
The bus will take you to the center of the city.
She didn't dare to say anything at that time.
I don't understand what you are saying.
Tom told me not to open the envelope until my birthday.
If you're going to be like this, I'll just leave.
It's night.
One of the main products of this country is coffee.
Mars has two moons.
Who is your Chinese teacher?
Would you mind saying that once more?
Tom helped Mary move the furniture.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
The police still have no leads.
There's a hole in the ceiling.
Please tell me about it.
Tom didn't show up at the party yesterday.
Tom looked like he was certain.
He knows how to swim.
Sami called at approximately six.
You are not to neglect your duty.
I wish you had been there.
That Japanese word has no equivalent in English.
Do you like orange juice?
Mary's at the airport.
Somebody's in here.
Those two people start arguing whenever they meet.
A passport is something you cannot do without when you go to a foreign country.
We often went skiing in winter.
Local people can give appropriate advice.
It seems that no one knew the truth.
She replied that she had never seen the man before.
Her whole body ached.
It's five o'clock now.
Would the girls please bring the donation boxes up to the stage?
That's not what I'm looking for.
The level of education of contemporary people is far higher than it has been in the past.
The birds were flying in a group.
No matter how cold the weather is, I go to the park every day to run.
He left after he had lunch.
He made me sing on the stage.
You'd better avoid discussion of religion and politics.
I can't stand the noise.
The meeting was held here.
We happened to get on the same bus.
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
He spoke with a Taiwanese accent mixed in.
You're a clever one.
The fog began to disappear around ten o'clock.
As long as good people do nothing, evil will triumph.
I can't stand this pain any more.
Napoleon led his troops to Russia.
Would you like to eat lunch together?
He married a stewardess.
Tom was humble.
May I have another piece of cake?
The ticket is good for three days.
Thank you for the memories.
Tom studied French for three years.
This is a picture of my sister.
Tom is a little worried.
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
She took Chinese medicine, which relieved her symptoms.
Don't forget to mail the letter.
I help Mum with the cooking.
So this is your company?
Kill me.
My friend George is coming to Japan this summer.
I would like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I shot the horse because it had trouble breathing.
I need to know what you think.
I can't even remember what Tom looks like.
We bought a round table.
These pants are dirty.
He is too young to go there alone.
Tom told me his father had passed away.
She sells flowers.
I don't have any other questions.
Thank you very much for everything.
I go to the movies once a month.
I have been busy lately.
He got his driving licence in less time than anyone.
Everyone said that I was wrong.
They already called off the strike.
You're very talkative, aren't you?
When does Tom eat breakfast?
They adopted the orphan.
The prize won't be given to her.
The audience was very large.
Not all Germans like to drink beer.
He put on his hat at once.
He didn't resist.
You might see me there.
Starting tomorrow, I will begin a new job.
He read a book all morning.
They have no impact on the environment.
How old is your oldest son?
I eat bread.
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
Tom is trying to get away.
These two words are easily confused.
What's coronavirus?
This is a picture of an airport.
How many Chinese characters can you write now?
The library is upstairs.
I'd like two one-way tickets from A to B.
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.
Tom vomited blood.
It's raining outside. Don't forget to close the windows when you get back home.
She shed tears.
Does he have long hair?
I don't want to sleep yet, so I'm still studying.
There are a lot of new buildings here now.
His remuneration consists of a base salary plus commissions.
How much is this book?
Tom didn't seem to be as suspicious as Mary seemed to be.
I’m going to his house right now.
It's just your imagination.
He had nothing to do with the case.
Our school is in the center of the town.
I can't sleep at all!
"You talk too much," he said.
What do you suppose this could be?
It's OK not to eat it.
Good luck to you!
Where's Tom now?
We're here thanks to him.
Tell her that I am eating.
Tom wants to pay back the money he owes.
I'll admit I'm wrong.
Doing that would make Tom angry.
They're still in Boston.
Water becomes solid when it freezes.
Give Tom a chair.
How much does he spend per month?
The teachers are playing games with students in the kindergarten.
You're kidding!
You must account for your conduct.
I have already waited nearly half an hour.
My hobby is collecting coins.
The dog went away.
You only have to try hard.
Please shut the door.
I can't read French.
I only want to know the facts.
A lot of people ask me whether bidding goodbye to youth means old age is near.
His bag is right here, so he cannot have gone to school yet.
He's extremely good-looking.
He is poor.
A water molecule has two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom.
She left home ten minutes ago.
Silence!
I know you're busy, too.
If you got anything to say, say it properly, don't yell.
You're being treated unfairly.
He did all he could to protect his son.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
I happened to be out when the call came.
He showed me her picture in private.
Tom certainly has a tough job.
We're willing to help you.
Tom stood behind me.
Tom was divorced.
This battery is about to run out of juice.
The only useful answers are those that raise new questions.
Put on some clothes.
Are they gone?
Can you do me a favor?
I was writing a letter when he came.
They agree.
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden.
Six times three equals eighteen.
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
They announced that a storm was coming.
It looks like Tom will do what we've asked him to do.
It is pitch dark.
Have you ever gone to a Spanish bar?
We traveled all over the country.
They stormed into the quarter-finals.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found anything valuable.
We are men.
When was this university founded?
She's evidently sick.
He is not as young as he looks.
No problem at all!
I jog in the morning.
It is easy to write love letters in Esperanto.
She's been absent from school for five days.
The camera was essential for me.
Let me speak.
Their journey was delayed because of the train.
I wanted to get drunk.
She said that she was happy.
I have been here for a long time.
We very much enjoyed the meal we had at her home last Sunday.
The bank does not open on Saturdays.
Tom's efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
Tom is studying French at school.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
I can't drink milk.
What's the point of existence?
Look at the house with the red roof.
It disappointed me.
Tom says it's quite important.
Good medicine is bitter.
Thanks for everything.
Can this be eaten?
Her father is tall.
My elbow still hurts.
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
Sorry, what's your name?
I think that she knows the truth.
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.
Thanks to both of you.
What is the climate on the island like?
My dad is not home at the moment.
I have been reading the book all afternoon.
This is too long.
Tom is spending more and more time in Boston.
Watch out, here it comes.
Oil will float on water.
She's Tom's older sister.
It is no use arguing with him about it.
His mother didn't want to do it.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
I'm not hungry, but I always want to eat something.
Give me a glass of water, please.
Tom lost his credibility.
I have lived here for ten years.
He never goes out late at night.
I left my umbrella in the cab.
He didn't die happily.
If you can read this, it means that you can speak one language!
What do you think I should wear on my date tomorrow?
Read it twice after writing it.
I made several mistakes in the exam.
A vector is a unit vector if its norm is 1.
Investigating the causes of cancer is very expensive.
He's making it clear that he's an ideal husband.
You should begin with easier questions.
In a democracy, it's important for the press to be independent.
We measured the depth of the river.
What a wonderful night!
I can easily touch my toes.
Who is this, please?
They're kids.
Our biggest enemy may not be someone else, but ourselves.
He plunged into the lake fully clothed.
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
She's a doctor.
Henry wants to see you.
I don't approve of his conduct.
Excuse me, where is 52 south river street?
What year is it?
It is a beautiful painting.
Smokers take twice as many days off sick as non-smokers.
He likes playing football.
Do you use Instagram?
Where is the Russian embassy?
Hey, that rhymes!
That's because you're a girl.
They had no reason to ask us to leave.
Are they heartless?
He is eating sweets.
They called off their engagement.
I know all that.
It's time for dinner.
I've got Tom with me.
He is as tall as his father.
Did you read it at all?
You never have class or what?!
He was sitting up straight.
We'll begin tomorrow morning.
Some of my friends can speak English well.
He admitted his guilt.
I don't mind waiting for a while.
It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
I’ve been absolutely off my feet lately.
A cat abhors a vacuum.
It will rain this morning.
Planets move around a fixed star.
I sell shoes.
How did you accomplish this?
Don't leave the room.
That fox must have killed the hen.
I think you'd better go on a diet.
Pat's going to Jim's birthday party.
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
Dad's in an impatient mood today.
The classified documents were hidden.
Would you like an orange?
I don't know what I'd do without you.
I said it might rain.
Tom will never quit.
I have supported you throughout.
He went back to the store.
I made a bet that she would win the game.
She is American, but she lives in England.
I wish I could talk to you.
I'm still puzzled.
He came across an outstanding young person.
The garden was surrounded by a wooden fence.
I admit that I was a little drunk.
He said to me, "Please, do me a favor".
These are my books, and those are his books.
Brazil has almost 200 million inhabitants.
On a fundamental level, the 12 forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship.
I'll stay with Tom until you get back.
A big tree fell in the storm.
Let's give it a try!
The doctor told her that she should take a rest.
I hid myself under the bed.
Do you like to be alone?
I bought the book for myself, not for my wife.
This is a store that caters specially to students.
I need an apple.
Artificial leather can't compare with the real thing.
Tom was dressed like a pirate.
There are many Americans who can speak Japanese.
Two persons were killed when an elevated bike path collapsed in Rio.
The train arrived on schedule.
She isn't hurt.
Where are you from, Karen?
I'm not tired at all.
I am quite pleased with you.
I must excuse myself from the task, because I am unequal to it.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
The walls are covered with blood.
My parents are divorced.
Please let me take your picture.
When it rains, it pours.
I would go if I were you.
Football is more popular than tennis.
Tom asked me why I thought learning French would be useful for my job.
Last night I had a strange dream.
One of my pleasures is watching TV.
That's something like a movie scenario.
I've been very busy lately.
There is an urgent message for you.
I lost my papers.
Something's wrong with my camera.
Make sure you get rid of your cold. You've got to be ready again next week. We can't do without you.
Don't speak nonsense!
I poured water into the bucket.
This ice cream is not strawberry flavoured.
I didn't tell them.
He is always laughing.
The train was delayed because of heavy snowfall.
You should eat vegetables.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
This style of hat is now in fashion.
The museum is open from Monday to Friday.
Tom tried to embrace Mary.
Tom carried the chairs to the next room.
If you sing, we'll sing with you.
You didn't say anything.
Asia is roughly four times the size of Europe.
Tell me where to put these books.
May I use your ink pad?
I'm sleeping.
We enjoyed playing baseball.
I know that he was busy.
The ambassador was recalled from Warsaw.
He went out to buy something.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
He had a smile on his face.
She asked me whether I liked the plan or not.
Pigs share certain characteristics with human beings.
Tell me why you want to go there.
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.
My younger sister went to Kobe yesterday.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
She freshened herself up before supper.
What is this language?
I used to smoke a lot, but now I've quit.
He will be back in ten minutes.
Who are you calling stupid?
How much longer will you stay in Boston?
Is there enough food for everyone?
When water freezes it becomes ice.
Please give me the menu.
I am Thai.
Do you believe what he said?
How long would it take to swim across the river?
I got up at twelve o'clock on Sunday.
It is difficult for me to answer the question.
That tree is on Tom's property.
You'd better not go today.
All his family works on a farm.
I want to spend the whole day with you.
The audience applauded his efforts.
Our brother isn't here today.
I told you not to mention that in her presence.
I couldn't control my anger.
I gave her a lift to town.
He spent the night at his uncle's place.
Tom's uncle keeps a lot of sheep.
She refuses to do what they wanted.
I don't believe you've met him.
One of the major Internet search engines states that ‘Fast is better than slow’.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
Twenty years already passed.
I think I'd better help you.
This is worth one million yen.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
She is very happy to eat chocolate.
The army quelled the rebellion.
She used to love him.
I go to school every day.
Why do you like coffee strong?
The bus was filled to capacity.
I speak five languages.
At present, he is on holiday.
What time will the game start?
Tom is stingy.
You don't say.
I've got something you've got to see.
Do as Tom says.
I am sure that he is an honest man.
In Thailand, bringing up the children isn't the father's responsibility; it's entirely up to the mother.
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.
Tom's laughing.
We have run out of sugar.
I'm vegetarian.
The American flag has fifty stars.
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job.
My father died of a subarachnoid hemorrhage when I was fourteen.
I'd rather stay at home.
What was I going to say?
I want to go abroad.
The music is difficult for grownups to understand.
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better.
This is my Spanish student ID card.
She woke up in the early morning.
It's boring to stay at home.
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
My mother doesn't like watching TV.
You're stupid.
I ate lunch two and a half hours ago.
The bank is not open for business on Sundays.
Pardon me, do you speak English?
We've got a situation.
I was kept waiting for nearly half an hour.
Let's take a rest for a while.
I hope that she'll get well soon.
London is one of the largest cities in the world.
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
Let's listen to some music.
It's almost time for Tom to go.
Get up. It's late.
I'm not feeling that hungry yet.
When did Tom ask you to do that?
Once this process is started, we can get the result within one hour.
The more contributors there are, the more useful Tatoeba will become!
If you could go back and start your life again, from what age would you like to start?
I only hope it isn't too late.
What language do you think this is?
Why didn't the half-cooked steak say hello to the nearly-cooked steak when the two saw each other? They both weren't ready.
However, as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision.
This cell phone is really expensive.
How complex is it?
I'm going to see a horror film.
There is only a marginal difference between the two.
She helped an old woman across the street.
Tom has blue eyes.
Nor am I.
He looks kind of pale.
The lonely man derives pleasure from observing ants.
Say it in Russian!
I'm going to the bank to get money.
I'd like another beer.
I have no home to return to.
Do you hike?
Tom slept through the entire movie.
Today, nobody can imagine a life without a TV.
But he needed a job.
He will be at the hospital tomorrow afternoon.
I'll talk with him.
Have you ever seen Mt. Fuji? It is beautiful beyond description.
Tom and Mary have a daughter and a son.
Tom probably knew who I was.
Cats don't eat bananas.
He's my old friend.
We can't help him.
The meeting will end at 7.
This is just for you.
Just joshing.
It was not long before he got well.
Pay the cashier on the way out.
Do you know how to drive a car?
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
I don't know what Tom looks like.
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.
What kind of reaction did you have when he came looking for you?
No one likes me.
It is sometimes hard to tell right from wrong.
The plane takes off in ten minutes.
Don't stare at others.
Speak of the Devil and he doth appear.
My eyes are sore.
His co-worker is English.
Only they themselves understand what they say.
I needed to add water to my aquarium.
It's a lot of trouble to write my name, because it takes 50 strokes to write both my first and last names.
I thought that Tom was kind.
You must start at once.
Dad isn't home.
I've been to Kyoto two times.
The child knows how to swim, so she won't drown in the water.
His father dedicated his life to science.
It's all Greek to me.
Dreaming costs nothing.
He didn't want me to go shopping with her.
When watching TV, please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance.
Why are you so happy?
We will know the truth before long.
Are those explosives?
I've already considered that possibility.
Tomorrow there will be no normal lessons, in view of the athletic meet rehearsal.
Forget it, let us talk about happy stuff!
I'm going over to Tom's house now to tell him about what happened.
I only wanted to forget.
I've been careful my whole life.
Tom may have left already.
The company spends a lot of money on advertising.
I don't need your verbal gentleness.
Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Which cap is yours?
Where's the judge?
We painted the house green.
He's a bit lively.
I traded in my old car for a new one.
Is there any difference between your idea and hers?
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.
My watch gains one minute a day.
Everyone is doomed to die.
I do not understand the exact meaning of this sentence.
I knew that information.
She couldn't look me straight in the face.
Yes, she's our manager.
We're next-door neighbors.
She'll almost certainly pass the test.
This camera is cheap.
I'm a computer scientist.
I'm constantly studying.
Don't play in the road.
The plane was late because of bad weather.
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.
My dad is not at home for the moment.
She was able to answer whatever was asked.
I should've gone home earlier.
She promised not to go out alone.
School begins at 9.
This fish is delicious.
Mennad's presentation was perfect.
I wake up at eight.
There's no chair to sit upon.
Have you ever been to Kyushu?
Don't you feel the house shaking?
A nail penetrated the car tyre.
You and I are good friends.
Which one do you like better?
Turn around.
We use chopsticks in place of knives and forks.
Since my mother was sick, I stayed home from school.
Special forces surrounded the building.
Open your eyes, please.
Cats hate water.
Eight minus four is four.
Why do men like football so much?
He's as happy as a king.
He abandoned all hope.
The situation hasn't changed at all.
Come if you can.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
Texting while driving is dangerous.
I know that Tom can stop me from doing that.
Those who love too much, hate in like extreme.
That little boy wears glasses.
I saw a girl with long hair.
Mary plays the piano.
Where is her house?
She calls herself a hobbyist.
Could you say that one more time?
I dreamt a strange dream.
We were surprised at the sight.
I'd send my kid out on his own for a while if I were you. A few hard knocks at this point might do him some good.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
It is out of the question for you to go to New York this weekend.
You're no singer.
I am thankful to have been given the experience of life.
She's learning Dutch.
Have you learned the number by heart?
I like to listen to music, especially jazz.
Please don't call me again.
She recognized him immediately.
He has a heart of stone.
He is as tall as she.
My level in English is intermediate.
I cannot put up with this pain any more.
My opinion is different from yours.
Spending every day like this must be boring!
I need a week to adjust to the time difference.
The school is located within five minutes' walk of the station.
Write down the medications you need on this piece of paper.
They say that old house is haunted.
This turtle is really old.
I have to explain this to Tom.
Nara is as old as Kyoto.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
This salad tastes of lemon.
There was a shortage of fuel.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
I won't be getting married this year.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
I'm free now.
The police will put you behind bars for twenty years.
I stood waiting for a bus.
He is the richest man on earth.
Tom is resting at the moment.
I was also invited.
She showed the visitor her baby.
I love nature.
You will soon get to like him.
You don't know who I am.
Japanese history is my favorite subject.
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
The X-ray showed two broken fingers.
Tom is already standing.
Tom and Mary went to the best restaurant in town.
He has no objections.
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
He has a bath every morning.
How long has George lived here?
I like Japanese food and customs, so it follows that I like living in Japan.
I like the way you talk.
She was asked to write her name in ink.
What a bizarre story!
This is a friend of mine.
She's Brazilian.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
I don't want to get you into trouble.
I know something!
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
According to the weather forecast, it's supposed to snow tomorrow.
What do you think we should do to make for world peace?
You're not me.
Keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them.
I need to go home.
You look very charming today.
I'm the youngest in my department.
English is useful in commerce.
He is lying through his teeth.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
Please peel the potatoes.
I'd never expected to meet her in a place like that.
She'll cry even when no one is looking.
A brilliant future lay before him.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic.
He saw her and blushed.
As everyone stood guard silently, someone ran to the corner of the street and called over a police officer.
When are you going back to Italy?
I don't like the way he smiles.
It was a great shock to me.
Don't call me anymore.
I didn't know what to do then.
How much do you love me?
It is getting lighter outside.
The baby seemed to be in a deep sleep.
You seem to ask Tom a lot of questions.
I'm not as fond of music as you are.
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Perhaps you will seek his aid.
The nurse will tell you how to do it.
Tom has an old car.
She made a vanilla chocolate cake for four people.
What will you use it for?
This chair is ugly.
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
Tomorrow we are going to see the meteor shower!
Can I get by you?
Many local traditions have fallen into decay in recent years.
Can you name one of their songs?
The miser opened the box to find his money stolen.
I'll pay the bill.
I took a shower.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around 2500 Chinese characters.
My lover is great at cooking.
Moreover, I can fly.
A cat has nine lives.
John is two years older than me.
Don't tell anyone this.
Ask him his name.
Easier said than done.
I can't tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
Germans are not willing to produce nuclear energy, but are not against using that of their neighbouring countries.
Tom said he was a Canadian.
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.
A parrot can imitate human speech.
That's really good!
The rain shows no sign of stopping.
Excuse me. Is the supermarket open?
He shaves daily.
The plane flew over Mt. Fuji.
Bill can ride a bicycle.
I learned to drive a car and got a driver's license when I was eighteen.
How long have you known her?
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation.
Mary is very arrogant, isn't she?
He explained the rules to me.
I am not accustomed to walking long distances.
Will you use this?
Afraid of losing his life, he has to betray his organization.
Do you happen to know them?
I like to eat watermelon.
He is able to swim very fast.
Yes, I am Xiaoyu. Who are you?
He has twenty children.
Sami is vegan.
Leave a space between the lines.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
This intersection is dangerous.
What if Tom is still alive?
They don't like Tom.
Let me have a look at it.
He came across this old coin in an antique shop.
This is delicious.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
I suggest that you don't trust Tom too much.
Where did Tom go to school?
Today I went to the dentist's.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
Thanks for coming, Tom.
Your boyfriend looks cute.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
Do you actually believe that?
No smoking in the theater.
They smiled at her.
Tom's friends called him Mr Money Bags.
You may well not remember, but I'll never forget it.
I won’t forgive you unless you apologise sincerely.
That was what I thought, too.
Please call a taxi for this lady.
This book will be printed next year.
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.
Turn right at the intersection.
What am I to do?
I need something to write with.
My father neither smokes nor drinks.
How many people were there in the cinema?
I like tennis and golf.
She happened to know his address.
It is not manly to speak ill of others behind their backs.
"You want to travel to so many countries, how do you plan to communicate with other people?" "That is not a problem. I can speak Esperanto."
He likes tea.
Tom is out cold.
Today she turns ten years old.
He took a walk before breakfast.
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.
She successfully got him to tell the truth.
I can understand most of what they say, but I don't understand the slang they use (in their speech).
Tom's delighted.
Winter is my favorite season.
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
I prefer being alone.
He didn't die in vain.
She studied English in the morning.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.
If you want to have an attractive personality, you need to have a good head on your shoulders.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
I have a feeling you'll be a very good lawyer.
The girl in a white uniform took my temperature.
The tree cast a long shadow.
Please come the day after tomorrow.
All humans are created equal.
Hang your coat on the hook.
He turned over the matter in his mind.
My father gave me a game.
His train is departing from platform 10.
Let's take the children to the zoo.
I'm serious.
What have you been doing this week?
My boyfriend is crying.
What do you mean? What do you want to tell me?
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
Tom finally won something.
I am accustomed to the climate.
Tom owes us a favor.
The trees blocked the scenery.
I was certain that you'd come.
There are more and more sentences.
She is among the best artists of today.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
Stop bullying the weak Jennifer!
She must go there.
No matter how close the resemblance, there's always a difference.
Are you good at skiing?
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
You may use a dictionary while taking this test.
I'm not as healthy as I used to be.
Learn to walk before you run.
I like taking a walk in the forest.
He wants a book to read.
Did you buy a round-trip ticket?
The word is not in my dictionary.
Give me a light, would you?
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued, communication is extremely important and traditional 3-hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee.
One of my brothers is a teacher and the others are lawyers.
Is it really that hard to speak French?
That's what Tom promised.
I wanted to go fishing.
My baby began crying, asking for milk.
Tell me you didn't do this.
What will you be doing at this time tomorrow?
I don't know him.
Reporters do not hesitate to intrude into people's privacy.
This road will take you to the museum.
Tom has been spending time with Mary.
You should go to sleep.
He is a promising student.
We've ordered Chinese food.
It is no use trying to escape.
After you take the medicine, your stomachache will be much relieved.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.
Can all birds fly?
Most young people have a mobile phone.
I didn't lie to you.
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.
Where is the stage door?
Tom has expressed similar ideas.
Tom is at school, isn't he?
You don't need to leave immediately.
He got an email.
This table is not good.
I have some interesting questions to ask Tom.
Kate has a cold.
Everyone knows Bell invented the telephone.
Constant effort yields sure success.
I live in Hungary.
Why do we have eyes in front?
She showed her album to me.
Yes, I am Anna.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
I was born on January 2 in 1968.
Even if she wasn't sick, she couldn't complete her doctoral thesis by the deadline because the thesis problem contains a vast amount of detail.
I want to go to France for my vacation.
Would you like some of those pictures?
Did you hear my show last night?
She plays tennis in the morning.
He is waiting for me in the yard.
Tom told me that he didn't want to go with us.
Most important of all a clock has to be accurate.
Hunger is the best sauce.
I study art history.
He's calling on the phone right now.
We think Tom an honest man.
We've done everything possible.
I am playing Chopin.
You make me feel so guilty.
I am a student of this school.
I like watching movies.
While getting off the bus, she heard her name called.
They made John chairman of the committee.
There's a pub just around the corner.
The store is closed Mondays.
Layla stripped and made money.
I don’t have time for that!
Don't always be like this!
I was at home.
The third batch of vaccines provided by China to Colombia has arrived in Bogota, the capital of Colombia.
You don't need to be there.
Rest time's over!
Our new home has an elevator.
Year by year, summer becomes warmer and winter becomes cooler.
Where is my umbrella?
I watched him cross the street.
Mike speaks good Japanese.
I leave this evening.
The world is just like a book, and every step you take is like turning a page.
He was like a ninja hiding behind one of our cars!
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents' requirements.
You're doing it the wrong way.
She didn't say even one word to me.
The children were flying kites.
Old dogs can learn new tricks.
The math homework was easier than I had expected.
His boyfriend is an idiot.
Don't step on the broken glass.
His help has been invaluable.
Mary swims as fast as Jack.
I'm just a regular office worker.
The doors on the left side will open.
She has to go there.
The conference ended at five.
He just arrived.
I don't like her face.
Do people from your country eat kelp?
Compared to before, it's already improved greatly.
She is all skin and bone.
Don't write extra information, such as the name of the author, within the sentence.
In the first place, I would like to announce several new regulations.
It says in the Bible, "Man shall not live on bread alone."
I don't remember mailing the letter.
She is very beautiful.
Were they serious?
Tom is so hot.
A ball is floating down the river.
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
Are you sure that's what you want?
What did you have for breakfast?
It is by no means certain.
I'm very sorry, we can't accept your request.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
Our dreams came true.
Tom might be here by 2:30, but then, maybe not.
I want to buy a dozen donuts.
I'll finish reading this book.
I'm not sure.
Ken sat next to me.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Would you like some sugar in your tea?
He was a weak and delicate child.
This cat is very fat.
She married him last year.
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
My mother was up late last night.
Ah, can you come this way?
I want to ask what his phone number is.
They look as if they're drunk.
No.
What is his daily goal?
I'm used to working all night.
I'll wait here until she comes.
Sometimes, he's very strange.
Do not translate this sentence!
I find this book is very difficult to read.
Have you been to London before?
We need Tom's support.
Wash your feet.
Can you explain the exact meaning of this word?
He gave the same answer as before.
Tom nearly died tonight.
Tom doesn't even have a driver's license.
Write your address here.
The accent in "guitar" falls on the second syllable.
Never have I seen her before.
How did you meet Tom?
All I want now is a little sleep.
Yumiko married a childhood friend last June.
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
My shoulder really aches.
This movie is worth seeing again.
I think it won't succeed.
The fishing boat which had been missing returned safely to port.
This contract is null and void.
Let me give you some advice.
She studies English every day.
Helen is playing in the yard.
Tom burst into tears.
I want to kiss you.
My mood is shot.
Do you speak Catalan?
Don't fail to mail this letter.
Sami joined Layla for a family meal.
I'd like some time to consider before I make a decision.
He heard the news on the radio.
Mr Smith studied Chinese history.
English is a very important language in today's world.
He has not only learning but experience.
My mother bought my little brother a yellow umbrella.
Do not give in to those demands.
The policemen arrested the burglar.
Mary dyed her hair blue.
A long day has passed on.
Which team won the match really isn't important.
This lady for sure is a virgin; she never did lose her virginity.
I was surprised by his perseverance.
I'm fixing the washing machine.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
People may not remember that.
I liked Tom's first book more than the second.
I am unable to walk as fast as he can.
There's no use making excuses.
I study about two hours every day.
The teacher severely reprimanded her pupils.
I miss my wife.
He's also just a politician.
Tom kicked me twice.
Who is your favourite singer?
I help my mother with the housework every day.
I need a Japanese-English dictionary.
Bob often tries to give up smoking.
He's sitting in the meeting room.
I'm not a doctor, but a teacher.
I wonder where Tom is planning to go to college.
You're the only one I can trust.
I don't think I have any bad habits.
It is hardly worth discussing.
I won't pay for him.
Two years ago I went to China.
What's that supposed to mean?
I've just moved to Boston.
I beg your pardon?
We're cooking now.
You will find it stated a few pages further on.
I was eating lunch when the phone rang.
Where is the longest tunnel in Japan?
Guandong summers are long.
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
He used to get up early when he was young.
Ziri will lose.
She lost no time in reading a best-selling novel.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.
The sky is full of stars.
Tom forgot his coat downstairs.
When was the last time you watered the garden?
How you've grown!
From what I understand, those who watch Korean soap operas basically are women with nothing to do.
Arabic is a beautiful language.
He will be back in a second.
You are my sunshine.
It's the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
This is not to his liking.
Who would want to kill me?
I often spend my leisure time listening to the radio.
Who were you talking with?
If only I could speak English!
I think it's possible that Tom may come.
The frog in the well.
It was you that were wrong.
He leaned on his elbows.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
He has three daughters; one is married, but the others aren't.
The expansion of the building's west end is being studied.
I've got a frog in my throat.
Tom does everything he can to save money.
My period hasn't come.
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday.
Throw a sprat to catch a whale.
None of the telephones are working.
The Olympic Games take place at intervals of four years.
Tom is afraid that somebody will see him.
Why did he treat you like that?
Where was this picture taken?
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.
It cannot be completely cured.
I have not finished breakfast yet.
Tell them we're coming.
I lost my fountain pen.
100 years is called a century.
An icy wind was blowing into the room through the open window.
My father retired at 65 years old.
This room has air conditioning.
You're not busy, right?
It is true that she is pretty, but she is selfish.
Who is your favourite director?
It's been a long time since we last saw each other.
Let's blow the fans.
We'll deal with it tomorrow.
Wearing glasses should correct your vision.
You have to speak English here.
My job is to wash the dishes.
What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice. So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
This is only known by Obama.
My mother made me take some medicine.
I've just returned from the post office.
I have never been there myself.
Why are you so scared? It's just a movie.
I'm a make-up artist. I can turn any girl into a beautiful woman.
It is necessary for you to go there immediately.
The boy made fun of the girl.
The facts proved that our worries were unnecessary.
The flag is blue.
He was so angry as to be unable to speak.
It was just as I thought.
They asked for an increase of salary.
Can you jump rope?
I thought Tom resigned.
I climbed in through the window.
I feel lonely in this town.
Please pass me the salt.
I was able to find out his address.
This is all the money I have on me.
The committee consists of twelve members.
Where would you like me to put this?
I can crack the password of this box.
This is the first time I have seen such a horrible movie.
May I open the box?
The United States is composed of 50 states.
He can do it better than I can.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
Your composition is very good, and it has few mistakes.
I hear you are good at cooking.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
Don't move, or I'll shoot you.
The sun rises earlier in summer than in winter.
This event suddenly happened on its own.
Do it somewhere else.
That country has a severe climate.
I will have him mend my shoes.
There's a large supermarket.
This job is beyond my ability.
This is the worst movie I've ever seen.
Tom wrung out the towel and hung it up to dry.
I know that you're richer than me.
Your sentence was not added because it already exists.
Nothing moved.
Five plus three is eight.
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
There were so many people.
That is a high building, is it not?
People should be dancing.
You looked like you were dizzy.
I have seen a UFO.
Do you trust him?
It's not my size.
He's the manager of the marketing department.
Alright! Ten yuan buys five kilos, OK?
My name is Jisung.
I enjoy running.
Can't you speak English?
The boy was shirtless.
Tom is the only one who has a camera.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
I must start working at once.
We have no school today.
I'm a professor.
My hobby is reading comics.
Mastering a foreign language is difficult.
Is this that hard?
Can I write it like that?
We enjoyed swimming in the river.
We've become a mockery to the whole village.
Tom thought that he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
It's hot today, isn't it?
That's the same story as I heard when I was a child.
You don't have to get up early.
"Let's begin today's lesson by opening our books at page 156," the teacher said.
We have time to spare.
For a moment there, I thought he had gone mad.
She hasn't heard the news yet.
Brian studied English for this trip.
Why do you study English every day?
I can eat anything.
His doctor ordered him to rest.
Is there any chance you'll be coming to Boston this year?
Every Friday night they went and got liquored up.
I am boarding with my uncle.
Where are you coming from?
Did you hear my son play the violin?
I don't want to get my hands dirty.
You walk too fast for me to keep up with you.
Do you have lessons at night?
The passengers all went aboard the ship.
All tragedies end with a death.
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool.
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
I hear that you've been sick.
I think we're ready.
Can you find it?
The roof was damaged by the storm.
Tom is buying some flowers for Mary.
He's eligible for the presidency.
We're going to eat now.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
In the past, I was a middle school student. Now I am a college student.
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
Bring me today's paper, please.
Their relationship is dubious.
Do whatever he tells you.
It appears that she might change her mind.
He is generous to his opponents.
Last night, I went to bed without brushing my teeth.
This is not my car.
I didn't give it to him.
I'm glad you came today.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
My birthday falls on Sunday.
You're taller than most of Tom's friends.
I'm making a movie.
My father motioned for me to leave the meeting room.
Time's running out.
I finished the work in less than an hour.
Translate this word.
I have to buy one tomorrow.
I love bread.
Do we have time for another cup of coffee?
Don't eat like a pig.
Smoking is strictly prohibited.
To my surprise, the door was unlocked.
Where did you pick up your Italian?
She's very fond of flowers.
I go to work every day.
I wish you a pleasant voyage.
We didn't have sugar.
They are typical young people.
As far as I know, he did nothing wrong.
I'll send a message to Tom.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He has his own room.
They cleaned everything, from the basement to the attic.
He sleeps with his eyes open.
Mother made me a doll.
That only happens occasionally.
She is rarely late.
I may win if I have luck.
It's just big enough for Tom.
I was just going to write a letter.
Isn't this a nice surprise?
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
Sami is an electrician.
But your function isn't Lipschitz continuous!
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
This box is not as big as that one.
Is Tom drunk?
That's tofu.
The final exams will probably carry over into next month.
Hey, relax.
And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote; because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
Shouldn't someone be helping Tom?
I don't think that Tom knows Mary is unhappy.
How cold it is!
While walking, I used to feel somewhat in a hurry.
In this kind of weather, it's best to stay home and not go outside.
He's just a business associate.
I don't think that it's good.
I've already told you the truth.
He's married and has three children.
The leaves on the trees have turned red.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
How much does this watch cost?
What's your favorite iPad app?
I don't really like him, in fact, I hate him.
He has been to France three times.
He's very sick.
What is your biggest fear?
It's obvious that he lied.
Once again.
He is my dad.
She doesn't like the look of the skirt.
It's exactly what I wanted.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
I was born in the winter.
He can swim very fast.
A bottle of red wine, please.
That is a hotel.
"Do you think he will come?" "I hope not."
I believe you like your job.
Where are you going to?
I don't want to talk anymore.
He raised his hand.
We'll always be friends.
He's my neighbour.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
These pants fit me well.
Where are the horses?
I grew up in a poor family.
I want some cake.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
Could I have two tickets to Malcolm X?
I've never underestimated Tom.
No one voted against it.
The idea was brought into shape.
We can rely on his judgement.
His hobby is collecting old stamps.
All big cities have traffic problems.
There weren't any cats.
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.
When do you finish work?
Hey, your dog just bit me.
I'm a little tired.
I never thought he was capable of doing something so cruel.
I'm Tom's father.
Whatever he may say, I won't change my mind.
Tom has been to Boston once.
How tall are your parents?
Be more careful from now on.
Have a good look at this picture.
I wonder if you don't get tired of doing the same thing every day.
He looks older than my brother.
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
I have never killed nor injured anybody.
We didn't need to hurry.
I want to know why I'm here.
I see five men.
He thought that he was a genius.
Do you want to eat out tonight?
Turn the volume up so that the students at the back can hear.
He has a liking for modern music.
You have heart disease.
If I knew his address, I could write to him.
Did you get your wish?
Is the teacher young?
I wish I had a better memory.
He carefully checked his test paper.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Tom doesn't think so.
Learning English is hard work.
I don't know who made the cake.
The translation of this sentence is a bad translation.
Who is that man?
Tom and Mary were talking.
"Mum, can I have a biscuit?" "No, you shouldn't eat between meals."
What's in the closet?
Possibly the factory will be closed down next week.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
Laughter is good for your health.
Tom should be worried.
That's nonsense. Nobody but a fool would believe it.
If you think that I'm still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn't be any further away from the truth.
We've just finished breakfast.
Don't point at others.
Next month, I am going to England.
Neptune is the eighth planet of the solar system.
How are this airline's airplanes?
I'll see you later.
It is pleasant to shave off my beard.
Which season do you like best, spring or autumn?
The other day I went fishing for the first time in my life.
It's time to leave.
We're having a party this evening.
The moment I held the baby in my arms, it began to cry.
Then, we will go clothes shopping after five o'clock, alright?
Red is out of fashion.
I thought Tom had a soccer game tonight.
She is almost 20 years old.
He was absent at roll call.
Generally speaking, Americans are very fond of coffee.
I am able to obtain a registration form for free.
Does Tony study after dinner?
My grandfather is fond of taking a walk early in the morning.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
Tom hurried so he wouldn't miss the train.
This book talks about Chinese history.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
It's warm today, isn't it?
I can't swallow these tablets without a drink of water.
He was too young to live alone.
I wonder what happened to his sister.
Your shirt is unbuttoned.
Turn off the gas.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
You're an angel.
I like this colour.
Don't look down on yourself, because people have limitless possibilities.
She plays piano as well as the guitar.
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.
At this language centre, about 15 international languages are taught, including English.
He cannot so much as write his own name.
The octopus is in the sea.
I understand your feelings.
The road runs parallel to the river.
There's no need to get so angry.
Waiting for too long makes most people annoyed.
Who invented that?
Teenagers often wear strange clothes.
It's written in black and white. How can you be in doubt?
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
You're a human.
I won't tell Tom what he should do.
Tom made fun of me.
She survived her husband by ten years.
You'd better put on a raincoat.
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself.
Not every country belongs to the U.N.
I'll tell you the truth.
Is she a friend?
Her goal is to become a teacher.
They stole apples from my orchard.
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
I think that everyone should study a foreign language.
They talked together like old friends.
There is a fly on the ceiling.
I'd like to speak with you in private.
You can't live without water.
Maybe this opinion is correct.
What's your favorite TV program?
Yes, he wears glasses.
He makes no distinction between right and wrong.
I rejoice in your success.
Rabbits are social animals.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
I think it's pretty good.
He got over the difficulties.
Why are there crickets in my room?
Did he go home?
Tom isn't unhappy.
Tom salted his egg.
Tom picked up the knife.
Tom and I weren't the ones who complained.
Crying out, the little girl was looking for her mother.
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
I didn't arrive in Harbin until very late, and the queue for taxis was already extremely long.
I agree with that opinion.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom ripped a page out of his sketch book.
It's not necessary for us to attend the meeting.
Water the plants before eating breakfast.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
This is the calm before the storm.
He had three bullet wounds in his chest.
Get a grip on yourself.
I know that you are rich.
All right. It's a deal.
She is not as patient as you.
Please turn out the lights.
He can't even read, let alone write.
I'm not familiar with that term.
While sleeping, he snored loudly.
Everybody was surprised.
I'm fairly certain Tom lives on Park Street.
I chew gum.
He found my bike.
Tom is reading a short story.
The man is a lawyer.
Say it in another way.
I don't really like the stores there.
Tom gave a different answer.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
Is your family doing well?
I don't sleep in a bed.
That's impossible.
Most of today's books seem to have emerged overnight from yesterday's books.
I don't have any time for that now.
Apples are sold by the dozen.
What kind of stone is this?
I wanted to become a philosopher.
He found me a good seat.
The news forecasts fine weather, but it seems like it is going to rain.
Tom is early.
He doesn't cope with complicated situations.
He majors in English literature.
My radio has broken down again.
Turn on the computer.
The sewage pipe is obstructed.
There's no space in the room for another bed.
These oranges have gone bad.
I like the way you walk.
Tom is very intelligent.
You can no longer hurt me.
I like blue.
We have to find out what Tom wants.
Have you ever seen the man in this photo?
I don't have time for a vacation this year.
I really enjoyed your company.
My name doesn't appear on the list.
I admire his courage.
Let's learn this poem by heart.
Tom was the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
She is a woman of great beauty.
Eating lots at night can easily give you a nightmare.
If I don't do it now, I never will.
Who searches, finds.
I don't think it's necessary.
She went on working.
I'm busy now.
I'm stuck in my job.
I'm sorry, but it's just not possible.
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
It's over between us. Give me back my ring!
Let's discuss the matter right now.
I'm going to check upstairs.
You talk!
Let's sit over there.
As a result of the server breakdown, total PV of yesterday dropped by 30% compared with normal.
Tom worries a lot about money.
Do cats dream?
Tony runs every day.
The river's water level has risen.
Ah, so that is your thinking!
Sami is a server.
The staff in this shop are really friendly; no wonder they've got so many customers.
All the eggs in the box were broken.
You could have been killed.
Tom only drinks bottled water.
I think your skirt's too short.
I'll go on QQ immediately.
Not now, please wait a bit.
This is my bicycle.
Tom and his wife started fighting.
I think you will have done all the work soon.
I can't thank you enough.
She warned him not to go alone.
We had a short vacation in February.
She is too tired to study.
A parent or teacher should bring home to children the pleasure of reading.
The population of the country is roughly estimated at 50,000,000.
The moon doesn't shine on its own.
It all depends on the weather.
There's no doubt that the universe is infinite.
He grew up in Germany.
They are registering the room.
Then, shall we go and eat?
You shouldn't quit English.
Would you mind turning down the radio?
I love you more than anybody else.
Recently someone told me about a language website, tatoeba.org, which I will definitely check out.
They consider themselves fortunate.
That's not my wife.
You're nuts.
Are you all ready?
He may come today.
I have to work at it a little harder.
It was Mike that called the police.
The aviation expert analyzed the statistics in detail.
This is a multi-language word comparison table.
I owe it you that I am still alive.
Do you want anything?
What horrible weather.
Nothing will change.
Does your father get home early?
He attributed his success to good luck.
Have you started a fire before?
There's no point in trying again.
Don't eat while reading.
How many people have you told?
Tom finally gave up smoking.
Did you lock the door?
He took a taxi to get there in time.
They named her baby Jenny.
His speech impressed us very much.
I confessed to stealing the money.
That just goes to show that you are a liar.
I asked for my father's help.
This species of butterfly has already gone extinct.
You should consult with a pharmacist before buying that medicine.
I missed this opportunity.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
My brother loves taking pictures of mountains.
I want to be you.
I accidentally took his umbrella.
She is forty years old.
Where can I buy an entrance ticket?
The hunter followed the bear tracks.
How long will they stay?
He carried on working from morning till night.
I don't understand his thinking.
Do I need to transfer?
My hobby is collecting stamps.
I'm from another planet.
Brr! So cold!
Maria is in the kitchen.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
Who's eaten all the biscuits?
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
Tom is coming next week.
Let's study a specific example.
I listen to the radio after dinner.
I never dream. Is that normal?
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
She said that she was a new student.
I know she is sleeping.
I am forever busy.
Can you read this kanji?
Do you speak German?
I advise you to give up drinking.
That child was told off by the teacher.
I was too tired to walk any further.
The hoarfrost has not begun to thaw yet.
Why didn't I think of that earlier?
A bit of juice, please.
He said he's not worried.
The airplane made a safe landing.
In your dreams!
You're better than you think.
Tom was just as excited as Mary.
He can both speak and write Russian.
It's your turn to answer the question.
Layla is five now.
Don't try to force me!
We learn English at school.
This is my Japanese friend.
I got it.
Are you able to play organ?
Everyone thinks so.
I might not see Tom today.
I want everyone to help me clean the house.
The engineer told us how to use the machine.
Tom is your friend.
Tom took notes.
I'd like orange juice.
Who is taller, Ken or Taro?
We ate curry rice last night.
Tom likes science fiction.
The family received me very warmly.
How are we going to pay for that?
She didn't want him to play poker.
He doesn't eat raw fish.
If you marry a chicken, follow the chicken; if you marry a dog, follow the dog.
In this soup there are carrots, onions, parsley, celery and potatoes.
What's the forecast for tomorrow?
I owe him 100 yen.
I'm not going to say it again.
She got ill.
Tom is gaining on us, isn't he?
There has been a good apple harvest this year.
Our branches extend all over the country.
One more time!
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
It won't be long before we know the truth.
In Greenland it's colder than in Germany.
Tatoeba is created for adding and collecting example sentences.
I'm healthy.
He may be jogging around the park.
She patiently waited for him.
Tom felt hungry.
Teachers also make mistakes.
Chinese is a monosyllabic language.
He goes to the market everyday.
My sister made me a beautiful doll.
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.
He arrived in time.
I tried to call Tom back.
Why did you come here so early?
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.
They say they like doing that.
Some apples fell down from the tree.
I know Tom is a little worried.
I'll definitely vote for Tom.
You'd better keep your money for a rainy day.
I'll work as long as I live.
How was the first day?
Are you going to meet Jane tonight?
This plan is being discussed right now.
That's the point.
He planted tomatoes in his garden.
We thought Tom was sleeping.
Every dumbass with a camera thinks he is a photographer.
She drank three cups of coffee.
That’s the first point.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
I think we need a doggy bag.
On average, I watch two films a month.
Tom's got a sore throat.
It's too early.
It wasn't my intention.
He's used to speaking in public.
Mary has green eyebrows.
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
I live outside of the city.
This is going to be very expensive.
Please come forward.
A whale is a mammal.
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
He arrived in Tokyo yesterday.
In the desert, I think.
We shouldn't laugh at his mistake.
I never know what to say to people who have absolutely no grasp of the basic facts and are too ignorant to realise it.
Tom is very quiet.
You can't live like this.
We used to be neighbours.
In 1978 a peace treaty was concluded between Japan and China.
He will be very busy next month.
Let's take up the second problem, shall we?
He's doing his best.
The house looked good; moreover, the price was right.
I was calm until I saw the syringe.
Do you like school?
Will you lend me your CD player for an hour?
It's fucking hot.
I've promised Tom that I'd be there.
French is my mother tongue.
Japan is very subject to earthquakes.
I want to learn Chinese and Japanese.
Their apples aren't as good as our apples.
Regular exercise is beneficial to good health.
I forget who said it.
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain.
The government will adopt enforcement measures to solve this problem.
It'll become much warmer in March.
Your glasses are the best.
The only solution is to escape.
Iron is a useful metal.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
I saw them yesterday.
Who is that old woman?
I'll miss your cooking.
She told me an interesting story.
Tom didn't dare to look back.
Charlie is twenty, and Daniel is sixteen.
Japan faces the Pacific on the east.
What is your reason for soliciting a conversation with me?
Hide in the closet.
We're rich.
Rumor says he resigned.
I was amazed at the fluency with which the boy spoke French.
I come from a beautiful city: Chengdu.
She must be angry with me.
Christmas is coming.
What time will you get to the station?
I would rather die than yield.
Time will tell.
He is not like the person I imagined.
Where's Tom's ticket?
Frank Lampard passed the ball to Beckham. Beckham kicked the ball and scored!
Don't forget to call me.
Turn the flame down low.
He doesn't always come late.
Everybody loves his country.
His brother passed away last month.
Whether rain or shine, I go to the park every day to run.
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.
This is about as large as that.
I don't like the taste of tomatoes.
Tom wants to be a pilot.
She is new, so she doesn't know anyone.
Did you read the whole book?
Don't look down on others.
Monday through Friday are work-days in this company.
What language is spoken in America?
The weather's better than yesterday.
He rejected our offer.
I think you're selfish.
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
Make good use of this opportunity.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
I admit I don't like Tom very much.
The policemen searched one house after another in looking for the thief.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
I have run out of my traveling expenses.
You have only to push the button.
Where did she put the newspaper?
This plant is indigenous to Canada.
We waited a while, but he didn't turn up.
Birch trees have white bark.
We both cried.
In the morning, I write in the park.
There is no time to explain.
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
It's just a pun.
How many times has Japan hosted the Olympics?
Whether your mother likes it or not, she will sooner or later have to accept the idea that her daughter has grown up.
Tom, would you please give these starving people something to eat?
We have supper at six every evening.
She has inherent dignity.
Breathe through your nose.
He is behind the railing.
Okay, I got it. Cut the BS.
He and I walked together.
It was cold, so we lit a fire.
Russians never smile.
The building is under construction.
It is three kilometers from here to the bank.
We chose John to be captain.
He managed to escape.
Mike goes to school by bus.
She's always complaining about her ill health.
They say that Venice is a beautiful city.
This isn't a trivial matter.
Is it safe to drink this water?
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
Your parents used to really love us.
It doesn't matter which, just pick three books.
Long live the Emperor!
Hey, how much does one pound of these oranges cost?
Can you speak English?
Everyone wants what they can't have.
I can't sleep with all that noise.
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.
We ran in the park.
I've lost 15 seconds of my life.
Tom suggested that I change the lock on my door.
This is the life.
What is he so angry about?
I have seen much of him lately.
He cast off the problem from his mind.
We are prepared for the worst.
May I know the date of you departure?
I sent you an email.
This turkey tastes good.
Do you still buy lottery tickets?
Where's my book?
This is the village where the poet was born.
All right! You will be sorry for this.
The professor teaches English conversation.
The basket was full of strawberries.
I'm going to meet her there.
I don't want to be chosen.
He's a DJ.
The plane bound for Beijing is going to take off soon.
That just goes to prove that you are a liar.
How was your weekend?
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
What's wrong? You don't look too happy.
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Tom's room is very small.
Even his teacher didn't understand him.
On some OS's you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
The flesh is mortal.
The moon doesn't have light of its own.
So, where shall we begin?
I despise you.
He is always finding fault with others.
Have love for your classmates! Have love for your parents! Have love for your country!
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
What he said was beside the point.
Night has fallen!
You'll have to get up early tomorrow morning.
Call the police!
It's great.
The elephant was killed by the hunter.
The butterfly flew away.
She exposed me to dangerous adventures.
Let's go to eat.
Attendance is compulsory for all members.
No discussion.
I wish I had much money.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Phoenix is the capital of Arizona.
Please put the book on the shelf.
She didn't go see the movie.
Mary told Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Tom kissed Mary on both cheeks.
The sun sets earlier in winter.
What should I do if my wife snores?
The children went to play in the park.
Tom wouldn't hurt anyone.
Your plan sounds great.
There's also a park there.
Ouch! I bit my tongue!
When I grow up, I want to be king.
We ordered the products on time. However, they won’t be dispatched until next month.
They said that it belonged to them.
I will try not to interrupt you while you are studying.
He asked his friends for help.
We took turns with the driving.
The cloth was dyed bright red.
She is no less kind than her sister is.
What kind of sandwich do you want?
Tom has to speak French every day at work.
Why have you come only now?
Let the bird fly away.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
Are you hurt?
Mary keeps her laptop with her at all times.
I will accept his request.
I'm still young.
Though I am in the tiger's mouth, I am as calm as Mount Tai.
Would anybody like some coffee?
It is OK for me to use that?
Yumi is one of my friends.
Sami and Layla stopped talking.
Mary treated her wounded knee.
Are you going by air or by train?
This is the first time that I've heard of this website.
Mary is a very pretty girl.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
Tom entered my house.
I'm very interested in jazz.
This heating equipment uses diesel as fuel.
Um... can we join your group?
The woman sitting over there is his present wife.
I prefer milk over juice.
This film is very good to watch.
I met a friend.
I will make a man of you.
I have a lot in common with her.
Without science, there is no future.
Are you alright?
Game over.
That teacher is teaching English conversation.
Can I help?
His picture was in the newspaper.
Liisa was in a bad mood.
Were the earth to stop revolving, what do you suppose would happen?
Grab another chair.
You must come back before nine o'clock.
Tell me how old you are.
Mary is the prettiest girl in class.
Those who forget everything are happy.
Earthquakes frequently hit Japan.
I have finished cleaning my room.
This is real easy.
It's necessary that we all work together to complete this assignment.
Since it's written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
He is learning English.
This is the only book I have.
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.
I have some English books.
What does Shanghai people's Mandarin sound like?
It is hard to see the sights of Tokyo in a few days.
I don't like playing baseball.
Tom does not like this color.
She is a selfish person.
I usually get home by six o'clock.
External air conditioners are quite cheap.
They're ignoring me.
I need a little help from you.
Let's have our composition corrected by the teacher.
Tom is delighted.
You are so stupid.
We climbed the mountain last year.
Write on every other line.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
Here comes the train.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
Tom and Mary are in the same class.
I was born to love you.
Was Julian wrong?
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train.
My father drives to work.
You're such an idiot.
We will die sooner or later.
May I see you in private?
Get it done as soon as possible.
I visited my friend Tom yesterday.
I was able to succeed because of your advice.
No worries.
There are a lot of beautiful places in Japan.
I don't want to do anything risky.
Aren't we going out to the park today?
I'm sixteen.
The bill passed by a small majority of 10 votes.
I'll take him with me to the hospital.
My purse was stolen.
Don't run here.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
We Japanese live on rice.
Is there anybody who can drive a car?
I made my way through the crowd.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
Do you have any idea what time is kickoff?
It was ages since we had had such a good time.
This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my entire life.
Are you sure that Tom shouldn't do that?
The lion is the king of the jungle.
He lives in a village near Osaka.
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door.
I think that Tom lied to us.
I'm checking for laser beam alarm triggers.
Best wishes from all of us.
She speaks relatively fast.
Her eyes were full of sadness.
Don't quarrel with him any more.
She waved her hand to me, smiling brightly.
"What are you doing here?" he asked me in surprise.
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child.
I've spent $500 a day.
I do not love him any longer.
Tom says he enjoys teaching French.
By car, it takes 2 hours to get to my uncle's house.
How many trips did you make?
Born in England, he speaks British English.
There seem to be several reasons for his failure.
Isn't he Italian?
They were going to lose.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
I like short poems.
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
It's not possible to know everything.
Hope this week will be good for all of you.
You should do that right away.
"It must bother you to have taken a bad master." "I'm stupid too. So, it's all right."
Don't let children play in the road.
Tom wants to buy a house.
Write your goals down.
The injured were removed from the scene.
He gave his life for his country.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
Tom was waiting inside his cabin.
Do you know my name?
Dinner's ready already. When are you going to be home?
One of your tyres is flat.
That wasn't nice.
He is not such a fool as to believe that story.
It's very hard getting a taxi in this city.
He's the leader of the next generation.
I can't find my pen.
I dreamed about you.
His son became a famous pianist.
I usually ride my bike to school. I mean to the office.
You're photogenic.
Do we already have that text?
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room.
"Where have you been?" "I have been to the station to see a friend off."
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
That doesn't mean you shouldn't be careful.
What kind of music do you like?
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
I have to win.
The living room in my new house is very large.
She was obliged to give up the plan.
This morning, I was very lazy and didn't go out.
Join us!
Please show me another.
Sorry, it was just a big, heartless joke.
The company cancelled the meeting.
I want to rent a car.
Did you tell on me?
Who's the woman in the brown coat?
Thanks anyway.
Can we save the planet?
The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
Come with me now.
Don't put books on the table.
He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
Doing that won't take long.
What do you think of this sweater?
I received a letter yesterday which was written in English.
Tom need not go to school today.
Tom never did what we asked him to do.
According to the weather report, the rainy season will start next week.
Do you have anything for a cold?
He is as happy as a king.
Marie Curie was Polish, not French.
I met Mary yesterday.
He is a workaholic.
Can his story be true?
Whenever I see you, I feel happy.
She smiles, very moving.
I'd like some more bread, please.
Tom admitted that he'd killed Mary.
I want a glass of water.
This recipe is my grandmother's.
This damp match won't light.
The clouds are getting darker.
Let's write in turns.
The more we have, the greater our desire will be.
I want to buy a few pairs of sunglasses.
Are these books Kenji's?
Don't kid me!
Please speak more clearly.
Ken makes his own bed every morning.
He fouled because he pushed over the other player.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
He is careless about money.
His name is known to all.
It was not very cold yesterday.
You've set a bad example.
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
Tom quit.
Does anyone care?
I wish Jim would behave himself.
He married him.
As usual the Spanish team are showing off their skills at one-touch football.
Dick had a traffic accident.
Happy New Year!
Will he come tomorrow?
Karin is Austrian.
It's hard to keep a secret from Tom.
People are protesting in Hong Kong.
It's eight o'clock.
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider.
There are twelve months in a year.
With their cooperation, the mission had been successfully finished.
Do people in America use these gestures?
What would you like?
How are you getting along these days?
In spring the days get longer.
Someone has walked off with my pencil.
I traded old newspapers for toilet paper.
She whispered something into his ear.
Please take next Sunday off.
The Sahara is a vast desert.
Tom isn't a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
Is it large enough?
Are you full?
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night.
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.
They're digging a hole.
They forecast it will be cloudy tomorrow.
After eating the meal, everyone is tired.
The radical in the Chinese character for "good" is the character for "woman".
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
It is the greatest happiness in life to love and to be loved.
He is fatter than when I last saw him.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.
I played tennis yesterday for the first time.
I misread.
Tom waved at Mary from the helicopter.
Our team lost, 2-0.
My uncle gave me a gift.
He's lying, I can always tell.
I take my health seriously.
Do you know the answer?
She feels at ease in their home.
Please notify me by e-mail about any bugs found or missing functions that you want to be included in future versions of the BMI calculator.
What is your name?
Very many people know him.
My uncle is playing the guitar.
What are you doing in Lucia's house?
I will get up at 10am tomorrow.
The cold weather continued for three weeks.
I'm repairing the washing machine.
You can't read too many books.
I'll never do this again.
You can't use this washing machine.
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.
I am very sad.
You're better than him.
Tom asked Mary to lend him some money.
He can also speak Russian.
Ken lit the candles.
What do you want me to do, Tom?
I don't know when she got married.
Where have you come from?
She is getting prettier and prettier.
I can't speak English fluently.
He encountered difficulties in his work.
I haven't seen you for ages.
You are loved.
He is a member of the tennis club in our school.
God created the world.
What did you wanna do?
He came to my rescue.
He told his wife to stop impulsively shopping.
The matter is of no importance.
He knows how to play baseball.
I'll finish it as quickly as I can.
He is the greatest statesman that ever lived.
Then arose the question of where we were to get the necessary machinery.
We're out of tissue paper, so I've got to go buy some.
Tom is helping me.
Turn the light on, please.
The store closes at eleven.
Tom is my best worker.
What's your nickname?
Only if you put up a different sign can you become a miscellany store.
I'm Thai.
She started doing her homework right after dinner.
Please make a milkshake for me.
I want to find a blonde, blue-eyed European woman.
Out of the 6 members, a third are women.
When are you going back to Malaysia?
Have you ever broken your glasses?
Our family consists of five members.
I want beef, too.
Tom spilled his drink on himself.
The discovery that electric currents can be produced by magnetism is extremely important in the field of electricity.
The captain is responsible for the safety of passengers.
Everyone knows that.
I will call back a bit later.
That matter will take care of itself.
Hey, is it 120?
She lay down on the bed.
I go out for lunch at twelve.
He is older than you by eight years.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
I've got asthma.
Leader, you must think it through!
Charge this bill to me.
Most people think so.
Tom gained weight.
To begin with, we must tackle the problem.
I will take the beefsteak.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
Those two are quarrelling again.
Please do not answer this fraudulent e-mail and certainly do not click on the links in the e-mail.
I'll be staying here for another three days.
It doesn't matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
Put away your books and notebooks.
Tom and Mary hoped they could win.
What is that?
I'm here to assist you.
You must not give up hope.
While dreams cannot tell you what will happen to you in reality, they are able to convey your innermost thoughts.
It's all right.
Tom hasn't lost his confidence.
I lost my way here last week.
Maria spends a lot of money on clothes.
Let's listen to the radio!
She was cooking dinner at that time.
Who are you looking for?
I cannot endure being disturbed in my work.
You're a professor.
Would you take part in the project?
You're drunk!
Who was it that broke the window yesterday?
If small mistakes are not corrected at once, they may lead to serious problems.
My life seems unreal.
The climate of Tokyo is different from that of London.
One of the reasons that we love nature is that, unlike ourselves, nature is not envious or deceitful.
Everyone comes to Tom for advice.
You were late, weren't you?
Today is colder than yesterday.
She was soaked from head to foot.
I don't want something like this to happen.
I don't like to swim in pools.
Tom told the cops everything.
Let's go Dutch today.
Is there anything I must do?
Everybody knows that Tom lied.
I'm a loser.
While you are reading to me, I can do my sewing.
That depends on whether you are interested or not.
I'd rather be his whore than your wife.
I'm not afraid of facing pressure. When problems arise, I will quickly think of ways to find the solutions.
Do you have other family?
Give me a reason for doing such a thing.
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.
There is a lot of money.
You should know that that's impossible.
I spend what time I can spare reading.
They made their way toward the town.
I may look strong, but I'm honestly not.
I like my job very much.
"Once is like never," implied the young lady. Yet the gynecologist implied: "twins."
Tom is very much alone.
He's the tallest in his class.
She carried the box under her arm.
Her mom is from Spain and her dad is from Italy. That's why she can speak both Spanish and Italian.
You can come in if and only if you know our password.
There's often rice or pasta for lunch.
This clock is mine.
What are you waiting for?
Our house has three bedrooms.
She loves children.
Maria does not read English books.
Tom sat beside Mary.
You are a toilet!
Not only does he speak English, but also German.
Tom likes hot curry.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
How much is this pen?
Tom has been on the dole since the 6th of August when he lost his job.
I'd certainly like to go and watch the match; it's just that I'm not sure if I have time.
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.
I'll be seventeen next year.
There is a portrait of Bob on the wall.
He hasn't written the letter yet.
He teaches us history.
I feel much better now.
I only want one.
Despite adversity, the architect achieved worldwide fame.
Of these, Taoism is a native religion, the others having been introduced from foreign lands.
They aren't dead.
Is French easy to learn?
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
Save for a rainy day.
Don't go above the speed limit.
"We need to help Kyrgyzstan," said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
This company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
The tigers escaped from the zoo.
Where did you find this wallet?
I don't want to quit this job.
Why is the sky blue?
Be kind to others.
Could you bring my breakfast to room 305?
Don't forget about me.
Today it's quite hot.
I have no money on me.
He lay injured on the ground.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
My dad's name is Fritz.
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day.
Are you and Tom working together?
I don't know anyone who matches that description.
Have you fallen asleep?
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
They went in opposite directions.
Someone is calling for help.
Every day I work different hours.
Let's take the 4:10 train.
How large is your family?
Ann had no friends to play with.
Why did you try to run away?
I must apologize to Ann.
His three children all became musicians.
I have decided to keep a diary this year.
Mom, I am hungry.
Tom was hiding under the table.
Walking to the office is not a good idea when it's blistering hot out.
Don't yell at me.
Everything's normal.
In the future, people who live in equatorial regions will probably be climate refugees.
However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-60 minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
I try not to think about it.
I have a lot of things to do today.
He praised me to the skies.
Outstanding!
Did you know that before?
I want to ask you a question.
Tom loved her.
The country code for Italy is +39.
There are only books on the bookshelf.
Forgive me for being frank. You have erred.
I visited Tony yesterday.
I want a map.
As the trees crave tranquility in the ever-persistent wind, the child craves the care of its ever-absent parents.
He's not here yet.
He has three older sisters.
My leg was broken in a traffic accident.
If you really want to know, why don't you ask Tom?
Do you have a camera?
Is there anybody in the room?
I lived in Boston for three years.
She took my joke seriously.
Is it still raining?
Can you give me a kilo of steak?
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
Are you a member of a party?
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.
You should be careful in your choice of friends.
I want to learn English.
You ought to have come here earlier.
I put the money into the safe.
Who's behind it?
Do you see her often?
He made fun of me in public.
He saw that he was wrong.
I don't use shower gel.
Mary tried to comfort Tom.
This measure is in accord with our policy.
I've tried calling him all day, but the line is busy.
I want to buy a new bicycle.
You're too kind.
You should make good use of this opportunity.
Resignation is the first lesson of life.
It was not until I had a baby myself that I knew what mother's love is.
This is none of your business.
I will never forget her answer.
No matter what I do, she says I can do better.
He sold his business and retired.
This mountain is covered in snow year round.
What just happened in there?
He is very stubborn.
She was run over by a car.
I need to go to work.
Perhaps it was worth it.
Who invented karaoke?
There is only one truth.
You should memorize a piece of classical literature every day.
I'm tired of listening to Tom.
She lives in an apartment alone.
It is not that the story's ending is lacking, we are just asking for too much!
The boy is picking yellow flowers.
Could you tell me what my choices are?
You live and learn.
She got in at 9 p.m.
Stick another stamp on the envelope.
Everybody thinks so.
My brother fell from the tree and broke his leg.
You must go to bed now.
What's your schedule for tomorrow?
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Do it as soon as possible.
Have you finished breakfast yet?
Is this a flower?
Forgive me, my love.
Hardly had he entered the room, when she burst into tears.
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes.
Correct the underlined words.
Tom has been under a great deal of strain lately.
The green team was defeated.
There seems no need to help that country.
I opened the door.
Nice to see you.
I knew Tom would be a good basketball coach. That's why I hired him.
John, you've been working too hard. Have a seat and rest awhile.
He will not be able to do the work.
He's not worth anything.
What is your favourite operating system?
Would you mind if I shut the window? I have a slight cold.
Tom crushed the garlic.
He speaks too fast.
Everyone was happy.
Everything was delicious!
The bus stopped suddenly in the middle of the street.
I've never known anyone as hypocritical as you.
Do you know how many years old human civilization is?
Tom added both his and Mary's name to the list.
Rio de Janeiro is perfectly safe as long as you stay out of the dangerous areas.
I bought them each a present.
Are you crazy?
Right?
That's a delicate matter.
I'm not concerned.
We ran out of gas.
I introduced her to you last week.
They come from Beijing.
The first electronic computers went into operation in 1945.
She married a musician.
My roommate is too talkative.
When did you come back from London?
The important thing about the Olympic Games is not to win, but to take part in them.
She seems timid, but she's actually a strong-willed person.
Tom doesn't drive as carefully as I do.
We still don't know why.
The dog is barking.
This writer is Russian.
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
I think Tom's cheating.
Our club has three times as many members as yours.
I did my best.
I can't put up with the heat any longer.
What were you doing in the attic?
Ask her when she gets back.
Can Algeria rely on renewable energy?
I enjoyed talking with him.
She won't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
The recent frequency of earthquakes makes us nervous.
Don't throw a stone at the dog.
I want to buy this toy doll.
The train is running fast.
Tom speaks without thinking.
The car has broken down.
These are our children.
His sudden appearance surprised us all.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
You can't park here.
He is contemplating whether or not to buy the book.
Will you come back tomorrow?
First, I don't have any money. Second, I don't have the time.
Is anybody here?
Who helps her?
"Hey, when do the dorms lock up?" "9 o'clock." "Whoops, if we don't run we won't make it!"
Have you read today's paper yet?
Germany is beautiful.
I hear that the network is very popular now.
She is far better today than yesterday.
That singer is very popular with young people.
What do you have planned for next weekend?
Wine is a poem in a bottle.
There are three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
It is essentially a question of time.
You've done a perfect job.
We went to Korea by plane.
Wait just a moment.
Take mine.
Tom comes here every now and then.
I'm diabetic.
What's your mother tongue?
The word is unfamiliar to me.
Don't you want to walk with me?
Mary and Jane are cousins.
Where did all that self-confidence come from?
I hate the winter.
Beethoven went over to the piano, sat down and began to play.
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
If God doesn't exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
They like the beautiful stars and moon.
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform 5.
Tom bought some condoms.
Steve did not come home.
What are your influences?
What's the weather like?
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
Has Tom broken something again?
Where was it published?
Blow out all the candles on the birthday cake at once.
"Six pence per second," Bob reminds her.
Don't show your face around here again.
A man must work.
Tom sat on that park bench for nearly three hours.
Do you have a book written in English?
You must rid yourself of bad habits.
Why didn't you call me? I would have picked you up at the airport.
When does your plane depart?
She is Minghui.
There was a beautiful woman with black hair in the park.
The cook chopped the meat.
Is your son studying in university?
I am on the side of democracy.
He may become a baseball player.
I've heard this joke before.
Are you interested in politics?
What do I need to do?
I thought that that was a great story.
He married a Canadian girl.
She is pregnant.
Are you still a virgin?
Does it please you?
He is awkward in his movements.
What did you say? I don't understand!
But that's not the last train, right?
The river is the widest in Europe.
I don't belong to any club.
I saw him after ten years.
Had I known that, I wouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Some people are difficult to please.
I have already read today's paper.
He arrived at the station at seven.
It could prove useful.
Our ultimate goal is to establish world peace.
Arithmetic deals with numbers.
I don't play tennis that well.
The old bridge is in danger of collapse.
In France, the first name goes before the surname.
"How many keys?" asked Pepperberg.
It wasn't me, commissioner!
Today it's Wednesday.
This sentence is ambiguous.
Tom used to be famous.
The children were playing in the dirt.
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
Even if no one goes with me, I still want to see this movie.
Even though the distance between us is great, we still communicate.
The timing of the announcement hurts the public relations of the police.
She's fond of taking pictures.
Spoken language is closer to life than written language.
We had a good conversation.
How tall is your little brother?
I can see through your lies.
If there is anything I can do to help your area, please tell me.
Attention please!
You should interact with the local culture more, to better understand some traditions.
I can't wait for you.
Not all clinical studies are hypothesis-driven.
Why do children have to carry such a heavy bag?
I want it to be different this time.
Lately I try for health reasons to go to bed early and to wake up early.
Tom, what do you want for supper?
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.
I have a lot of bad teeth.
I was talking about something else.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Please give it a check, then hand in the examination paper.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
He was elected president.
The baby is playing with some toys.
Mary said she's a Canadian.
Jim likes to play the drum.
You're the one who must decide.
He is good at rugby.
The loss amounts to a million dollars.
The king was tired of his sycophants always praising him, so he sent them away.
Despite all his faults he is popular.
I live in Milan.
Tom told me he was Canadian.
They consider themselves our equals.
Where is the telephone book?
We have to thoroughly investigate it.
Space science is still in its infancy.
Are you at home tomorrow afternoon?
Make yourself at home.
Brahe catalogued over 1000 stars.
That's my dad.
I like grapes, but I can't eat so many.
People have two legs.
Tom smiled.
When are you coming back?
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life.
The weak point of this book is that it's less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
Chinese whispers is a game played around the world, in which one person whispers a message to another, which is passed through a line of people until the last player announces the message to the entire group.
Tom certainly is good at baseball.
Don't speak with your mouth full.
Have you ever written a blog?
It's just started raining.
I didn't want to listen to Tom singing.
The bus is running about ten minutes late.
He bowed to the Queen.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
You're being too modest.
Put on clothes and come with us!
It all depends on whether they will support us.
A bicycle will rust if you leave it in the rain.
I don't doubt that he will help me.
You are really crafty.
I'm hearing that a lot lately.
I often go sailing on weekends.
English is by far the most widely-spoken language in the world.
I'm not very athletic.
Tom can't get his car started.
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
I haven't washed my hair.
I will do it tomorrow.
I don't know if this is true.
I should've gone to Australia with Tom.
We're going by train.
I require your assistance.
The weather is so hot, I just don't want to go out.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
I can't take his behaviour.
It was love at first sight.
You cannot buy friends, you can only make friends.
The Fuzhou Zoo in China's Fujian Province has done more than its counterparts in training pandas.
That's his house.
As far as I know, he has never made such a mistake.
Apart from the cost, it will take long to build the bridge.
I'm very proud of my father.
We have two children.
He said he hopes she won't do that by herself.
What languages are spoken in your country?
When did I die?
I would like to go to Austria in order to study music.
My dream is to become a teacher.
I'll lend you my notebook.
Don't let him run.
Spring will come soon.
When he finished speaking, he stood up and walked away.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
He's not South Korean.
This medicine has no side effects.
Where will you be tomorrow afternoon?
Tom saw everything that happened.
You suck dude! I have to tell you everything!
The elevators in a skyscraper are vital systems.
The cat jumped up on his shoulders.
Is it okay if I use your phone?
Hello, is Mr. Freeman there?
She is always so unconfident.
May I eat that cake?
I keep the master copy under lock and key.
What did you get for Christmas?
The problem was very difficult.
Tom never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.
Please answer me.
Place the deck of cards on the oaken table.
It must be a coincidence.
The gardener planted a rose tree in the middle of the garden.
In March next year, I will take a plane to the USA.
My grandfather is from Osaka.
This is the place where the accident was.
I do feel pretty good.
London is the capital of England.
We have a test tomorrow.
Are these library books?
She asked us if we would like to cook.
Please tell me Tom is OK.
Mother is making tea for us.
I am coming.
Information is power.
I am happiest when I am reading.
You may stay here as long as you like.
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking.
I can't see in because the curtains are closed.
Think before you act.
We had seen Jone swimming across the river.
I should've declined.
He is totally wrong.
Can you wait outside?
He is as tall as her.
He isn't going to buy a camera.
I prefer walking to cycling.
I hope that Tom has learned his lesson.
I'll talk to him.
You had better take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
Are you a student of a private high school?
Has she ever fallen in love?
Do you have pencils?
I got married ten years ago.
The cottage was clean and tidy.
I had a pleasant dream last night.
Please telephone me when you have made up your mind what you want to do.
Skip it.
Tom is very talented.
As soon as I get to London, I'll drop you a line.
This room is used as a kitchen.
I don't have anything.
Tadashi has a soft voice.
You can't apply this rule to every case.
I was disappointed.
My cats will love this.
Please clap.
She hates carrots.
Bacteria are so small that they cannot be seen with the naked eye.
She rarely goes out.
I feel like a rest.
Keep going straight.
We immediately became friends.
Stick a stamp on the envelope.
Let me go alone.
The movie was interesting.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
When do you want to go to Barcelona?
Tom and I are almost done.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
The best thing in the world is freedom of speech.
He has a strong influence over the business world.
Let me introduce it.
Maybe some other time.
You didn't need to come so early.
You are liable for the debt.
Tom is a decent guy.
What was it that you gave him?
We are sure of his success.
All you have to do is apologize for being late.
This is my first time.
Do you weigh more than Tom?
He knows him very well.
Let me see.
Drive slowly.
Is there a metro station here?
Have you got a red pencil?
He shut the door.
In Hawaii, we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round.
Every day I come to university by bus.
The first thing I did after getting home was taking my shoes off.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
It's nonsense to try that.
No one was killed in the fire.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
What is John doing now?
I want to be able to hold my liquor better.
She doesn't like the way I speak.
A thousand deaths will still be less than he deserves.
Nothing can keep me from yearning for freedom.
I had a strange dream.
I saw her naked.
My Lord I lose the game.
Did you make any New Year's resolutions?
I'm going to take a shower.
Fred kicked a ball.
Today we have a lot of food.
Let's drink coffee while we talk.
Some bugs were fixed.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
I want to show you something in my office.
I don't trust businessmen.
I'm going to buy some bread.
He has a large family.
When he asked who had broken the window, all the boys put on an air of innocence.
You should have kept it secret.
His opinion matches ours.
I feel dead.
Ann likes chocolate very much.
We lost our way in the woods.
At this rate, we're not likely to be done before the end of the week.
She looked bored while we were making love.
The survivors were found on an island, dying of starvation.
Will John come to see us tomorrow?
Do you know what sadness feels like?
I didn't get the joke.
Could you tell me the Wi-Fi password?
I'd like to turn off the reading lamp, is that OK?
I'm better than Tom.
I also teach English to them.
We'll arrive there within an hour.
Some abstract art is difficult to understand.
I was moved by her love for other people.
What time does it start?
Did you rent an apartment?
I'm married.
It was in 1832 that Evariste Galois fell in love with Stephanie-Felicie Poterin du Motel.
I'm tired of him bawling me out.
Where is Layla? Isn't she with you?
Though I failed, I will try again.
Sorted?
Japan depends on other countries for oil.
Which day do you learn Chinese?
I burnt my fingertip.
Don't throw away this magazine.
I am quite all right now.
I'm Francesco.
We start class at 9am, but he came as early as 8 o’clock.
He looks young.
Does this cat belong to you?
His request is very reasonable.
What is the letter about?
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
It is said that Tom has a cold.
You should be ashamed of your ignorance.
I've got to finish this essay by tomorrow.
I couldn't get my idea across to the class.
A giraffe's heart is nearly thirty times heavier than a human's.
Don't you feel honored?
What a dumbass!
I'm on my way to the meeting right now.
You should help her.
There are too many things to do!
Tom was caught driving without a license.
I admire your courage.
He's been sick in bed for four days.
I generally walk to school.
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business.
You forgot to turn off the light.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
I'm glad you guys are here.
Sami's mom gave him some money.
I took a walk.
She didn't marry him of her own will.
I never said I was an expert.
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
How did you spend your weekend?
How often do you eat fish?
My son is going to leave for France next week.
You are now old enough to support yourself.
I'm a student, but he isn't.
I'm not fit for physical labor.
Which guitar is yours?
Are you through with your homework?
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Thank you for all your contributions. We expect to see you again soon.
Sicily is hot in summer.
I'm feeling blue today.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
The children washed their feet.
Oops, I think we forgot Tom.
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
Can you really not swim?
Let me know when you need me again.
There are risks.
The concert begins now.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
Yesterday was my seventeenth birthday.
She always speaks in a low voice.
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.
I am 24 years old.
I'm feeling much better today.
He held her hand in a firm clasp.
Yesterday's weather wasn't so good.
Taobao suggested sexy and cute erotic underwear for me.
These flowers have a really nice fragrance.
I paid five dollars for the book.
Where did you get this?
You don't have to buy me anything.
Firstly, I think that the first time each foreigner is in China, the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country.
Grandmother died, leaving the whole family stunned.
Poppycock.
You work as hard as he did at your age.
Does it taste good?
The doctor suggests the patient stop smoking.
Can we please have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee?
What do you think was the most read article this year on the Japanese version of Wikipedia?
Her house is across the river.
Your sneakers are dirty; take them off before you come in.
You want another slice of cake?
Every great writer seems to have been interested in English.
According to schedule, this task should be finished within this week.
Gestural language had, however, serious limitations, since it could not be used in the dark or at distance.
She's been working all day long.
The lawyer warned his client against testifying, but he did it anyway.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
Why worry about Tom?
America is made up of 50 states.
I didn't even consider that.
I'm going back to a place that is far away, don't ask me where.
I like big cities.
I want to keep moving.
Tom wants to see us.
Straighten up.
Won't you have some more tea?
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut.
I'm calling them back.
If I were you, I'd study.
Tom told me that he'd be right back.
You've been creating problems.
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery.
Are you good at calligraphy?
He left the room.
I didn't believe it.
I don't know what this word means.
There are several peoples in the country.
It's not a road, but a path.
Well, have you decided?
I go to bed after I study.
The embassy is located next to the Supreme Court.
Can you tell those twins apart?
You can swim, can't you?
I can seldom find time for reading.
For whom will you vote for president?
I once went to Boston with him.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
I miss my elementary school teachers.
A fire broke out in my neighborhood last night.
So what?
She gave him the money.
I am studying kanji.
Hmm, I think something happened. Wait a second, I will try to figure it out.
Let's meet at one o'clock.
He is back.
I'll give you a ride.
Definitely!
Whenever the boss is around, he plays at being busy.
My prediction was accurate.
I will help him to the best of my ability.
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
Tom said he's tired of eating Chinese food.
Here's your pudding.
But I was always too lazy.
I love pizza very much.
My grandmother likes traveling by train.
What does obtaining freedom really mean? It may seem like cleverly escaping out of a cage, but one just ends up in another bigger cage.
Let's take a break now.
She remained silent all day.
What an idiot I am!
Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half sister.
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.
Have you seen any movies lately?
He recorded a documentary and gave it to me.
My father works at the factory.
See you tomorrow!
We were more or less disappointed about the election.
He had no luck in finding work.
Our soldiers cannot choose whether there is war or peace.
They can't speak Korean.
You don't need to go there.
Many homes were washed away by the flood.
Tom was fired.
Who do you want to speak to?
I don't know if Tom told the truth or not.
Wang Xiaoming speaks English, but doesn't have a lot of English books.
He was interested in me.
The children gather into groups to play.
The communication of news by TV and radio is very common now.
I'm fine now.
Tom passed away on October 20, 2013.
That hotel was established about 50 years ago.
Sad!
What you said is baloney.
No matter what happens, I am prepared.
You'll have to study harder from now on.
We went to London last year.
Everyone can make a mistake.
There's a possibility that the man was murdered.
I want you to stay a little longer.
Let me try another one.
Tom had a cigar in his mouth.
Why don't you wait here while I finish what I'm doing?
You will have to wait and see.
I couldn't enter because the door was closed.
The heater is broken.
Does Tom live in Boston?
Disgusting!
She has to look after her mother.
The animals already ate enough.
I have black eyes.
Several minutes later, the telephone rang.
I sucked up the dust on the floor with a vacuum cleaner.
I am at home at five o'clock.
I think the wind's dropping off.
Can you answer this riddle?
You watch TV every evening.
Whose house is across from yours?
Are there any English magazines in this library?
His advice is always very sensible.
Why are you angry with him?
The plane is about to take off.
My mother is Greek.
The movie theater has discounts every Monday and Wednesday.
I don't want any more.
Do you like to read?
Tom is a good golfer.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
It's been almost two years since I graduated.
I share a bedroom with my sister.
I don't like the taste of onions.
I'll ring you in a couple of days.
That's just an excuse.
I love drinking tea.
Admitting what you say, I still think you are in the wrong.
We can't let them do that.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
To my surprise, he easily came up with a plan.
Tom never thought Mary would leave him.
That's not right.
Tom got a message from Mary.
Tom likes to sit on the floor.
The shooting started around noon.
Someone smashed the windshield of my new car.
Every function should have comments describing its purpose in order to avoid confusion.
I work at night.
He is a very good speaker of English.
What's the time?
You speak Esperanto, don't you?
That pretty girl wearing a bikini is Tom's younger sister.
Tom was at home.
There are a lot of interesting news and stories in the newspaper.
He does not have the money for buying a new car.
Tell me later.
We will talk about this soon.
We all felt sorry for Tom.
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo.
You can't lie to yourself.
Dozens of young people attended the demonstration.
There is milk all over the kitchen floor because my wife broke the bottle.
There are few mistakes in your composition.
Do you know where Tokyo Tower is?
Go back.
I talked him out of the idea.
I'll have to think about it.
I hate people who make small talk in quiet public places.
Why are you so secretive?
I know that German with a long beard.
He not only graduated from studying sociology, but also philosophy.
Don't play baseball here.
The best cakes that I have ever eaten are those that my mother baked.
Happy Birthday!
You live in Tokyo, don't you?
Tom thinks Mary may have an eating disorder.
He left the room without so much as saying good-bye to me.
Now I understand it all.
I heard someone scream.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
We cannot change the past.
We will help him if he asks us.
There are three solutions to every problem: accept it, change it or leave it.
This is my favourite project.
I won't come back.
I am Wang Wei.
Tom's retired.
He didn't get a driving licence until he was twenty-eight.
She is rich, but unfortunate.
This work is not suited to young girls.
You needn't have bought that book.
I heard the song sung in French.
It is easier to hit on people on the Internet than in the street.
We’ve been waiting for hours.
If you enjoy the work you do, you have something worth more than money.
It's a clear day.
That job paid well.
I told you never to come here again.
There's no other way.
I don't wash my hair in the morning.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
The situation is worse than I'd thought.
How much do you want in terms of salary?
I had a really bad nightmare last night.
I would rather stay at home than go out.
Tom is in the attic.
No sooner had the child seen his mother than he burst into tears.
Is anybody home?
Finally, it's Friday.
I sat over there, pretending that I wasn't listening.
I do not like spring.
As I missed the train, I had to wait for the next one for about an hour.
This morning was foggy.
We didn't know how to do it, so we asked for help.
He can't be trusted.
Don't be so careless!
I wanna go home.
I fell asleep while reading.
Rice grows in warm climates.
Tom will paint the fence tomorrow.
Do you know much about art?
He teaches in a girls' high school.
He left his umbrella in the bus.
My mother told me that if I masturbated, I'd go blind.
Thanks to him, we're here.
Human pride is human weakness.
You can't avoid office politics.
It's just that I admire you.
I went for a walk after breakfast.
That old tradition has disappeared.
She is poor, but she is happy.
Tell us the story from beginning to end.
What is the language spoken in Mexico?
Physics is the basic physical science.
He studies Chinese as well.
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
What do you think of this?
This is going to be a great trip.
It's my grandmother's set of false teeth.
Do you have some dango?
He was blinded in an accident.
Fish and red wine don't go together.
Are you sure you don't use machine translations?
How can I get in touch with you?
Did they sign?
The car is in the garage.
Install Linux!
I was only a seven-year-old girl at that time.
Tom is crying outside right now.
The baby was sound asleep.
She has a cottage by the sea.
He is good at golf.
Sure I can, although I can't really speak Shanghainese.
The website manager is very busy.
Does she speak English?
Who gave them to you?
I am looking forward to seeing you next Sunday.
Musk is one of the best scents.
I can't forget her.
Why do you lie?
We danced together.
Tom is kissing Mary.
Everybody knows that Cold War is the confrontation between two nations.
The Mona Lisa has an enigmatic smile.
You're frightening me.
Thanks for adding me as a friend.
Is Tom still on the phone?
Can I try on this pair of shoes?
This will keep you warm.
Tom was with a bunch of strangers.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "No way I'm going there".
OK.
You've come back?
We failed due to a lack of preparation.
He reproached me for carelessness.
Hurry up, the summer is almost over...
They didn't like you.
They got married six months ago.
I'll pray for him.
This is a wooden table.
It's awfully cold today.
Life is not easy for working mothers.
I think you're really amazing.
He's absent-minded.
I've got plenty of friends.
Cheques are made of paper.
I still dream about Germany.
The king took off his robe.
I don't know anything about their plan.
Do you like rabbits?
Bob filled the pot with water.
I'm listening.
There's a soccer match tomorrow.
I don't know if I can do it.
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.
Ah, when will they meet again?
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
Did he draw this picture by himself?
I'm not so brave.
I asked her to dance.
I cannot afford to pay so much.
It's really big.
This a recent photo?
I think Tom might not want to do that.
I'm a liar.
Tom is a Muslim.
He failed to answer the letter.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
They know what happened.
Even a child knows right from wrong.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
Tom got ready for bed.
America is very big.
Could you tell me how to get there?
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
What's done is done.
Tom takes a walk every morning.
Does Algiers have skyscrapers?
It seems he's gotten thinner lately.
You are not allowed in this room.
The school rules that students cannot smoke.
No, I still prefer eating vegetables.
This isn't safe.
That's clever.
Tom sent Mary over three hundred letters.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
How's the weather there?
Give me your sandwich.
What are you doing here?
I thought that you had to get up by 7:30.
I went to London.
I hope that is not the case.
The fire spread out in a fan-shape.
I played football yesterday.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
There's no need to pretend you don't speak French.
Where in the world could it be hiding?
Would you please lock the door?
I'm going to die tonight.
Little by little, the bird made his nest.
Tom went to Mary's.
She spoke in soft tones.
Carol often watches horror movies.
I'm smarter than you.
His story was interesting.
This is how I made it.
I applauded.
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
I received your letter yesterday.
You're very resourceful.
All Jack does is sleep.
Don't cry. I love you.
He turned a deaf ear to their request.
How do you want to do it?
I'd like to help him, but I don't know how.
Tom told me that he'd like to become a doctor.
I work at a travel agency.
People can't keep quiet.
May I take your picture?
Dan eventually confessed that he got the gun from Linda.
I lay on my bed.
If you're doing something good, why can't I do that too?
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
Her house isn't far from here.
The plane took off.
Don't shout at me.
What is missing?
He loves to fish.
There isn't a cloud in the sky.
I don't think this is Tom's umbrella.
By next April will you have studied English for ten years?
I don't want Tom to stay any longer.
You're too young to retire.
May I run with you?
How is life?
I'll be in trouble if the story gets out.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
I got up earlier than usual to get the first train.
Please come back at once.
Laura may have been sick.
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
Real men drink tea.
We can seat you soon.
She had white shoes on.
All of you have to read it.
Your question has no answers.
He wrote a letter.
She's a real beauty.
How far is it from here to the museum?
The public education in the Netherlands usually teaches French, German, or Spanish. Sometimes, it will also teach classical languages like Latin and Greek, although students have to voluntarily request to learn classical languages.
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
I simply don't know.
I need a secretary.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
Meg agreed to Ken's plan.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Please don't walk so fast. I can't keep pace with you.
We will take part in the marathon.
Tom is a Briton.
You speak fluent English.
He'll get sloppy.
The stream flows into the pond.
In the 21st century, it will be hard to survive if you don't know how to use a computer or if you don't know any foreign languages.
Dick talks as if he knew everything.
Do you know how to ride a horse?
She is getting married this fall.
She was very old.
We are supposed to know the rules.
I don't care.
Let's shake hands.
He has been absent from work for a week.
Is this something you want?
You're a dog.
She always keeps her promises.
Help me with my homework, please.
Who can tell the difference?
I don't dislike them.
Japan depends on foreign countries for oil.
I used to play tennis.
The students could not give an answer.
The enemy can't get close.
Tom doesn't want to drink a thing.
We played poker the entire day.
She does look tired.
When the light is green, cars turning must yield to pedestrians.
She's in the bath.
He likes jazz and so do I.
Perhaps it's because the web is slow.
Tom doesn't have a dad.
My father took us to the zoo yesterday.
Who is next?
He can drive.
I'm just kidding.
I went and bought some cream puffs. Do you want any?
Mother was in a bad mood since she could not play golf because of bad weather.
We'd like another bottle of wine.
Mother made a doll for me.
She had the boys paint the house.
That's a stupid question.
He rolled his eyes.
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
Who benefits?
I live with my parents.
My house has a fruit garden.
Ken put on his clothes.
She hugged him.
Tom put his wallet on the desk.
Please give me the exact address.
Is the water in the Black Sea actually black?
Tom is intoxicated.
As many as a thousand people were there.
She has a strong personality.
You'd better take it easy.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
The teacher pointed her finger at me and asked me to come with her.
Mary gave me an American doll.
Don't make fun of old people.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
I'm trying hard, but can't think of her name.
I usually go to school by bus.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays with us.
He managed to get home before dark.
You sing like an angel.
It is going to snow.
On Sunday he will come alone.
Tom has a scar on his cheek.
What am I supposed to do?
She left the hospital an hour ago.
I'm invited to Claudia's party tonight.
She's smoking.
The rest is history.
Thanks to your recommendation, Tom got that job.
I am going to my room, where I can study.
Generally speaking, women are better linguists than men.
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
Down fell the house a week later.
Do you really believe in ghosts?
They all died in the battle.
Did you have any romantic encounter at the bar last night?
Why do you talk about this all the time?
He offered his help to us.
Kobolds can only be seen on moonless nights.
Oh right, I have something tomorrow.
Ah, I forgot to ask. Before you said you hadn't seen the umbrella. Have you found it since?
In the south of China, the situation is different.
You and I have the same idea.
You should keep your valuables in a safe place.
I saw him cross the street.
I have a free spirit.
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
Three people were killed in the explosion.
He doesn't believe me at all.
The first lute was invented during the Qin dynasty.
The number of officials doubled last year.
I wondered if her story was true.
She grew up in Australia.
He works at the welfare office.
I will never tell this to anyone.
His novel had a great vogue for a long time.
We must reduce energy demand.
You're sick!
Thanks for having explained to me at last why people take me for an idiot.
I don't want anything.
He wasn't at all satisfied.
I ripped up the newspaper.
Those houses are 500 years old.
They have the horse.
Ken has a lot more books than you.
I don't think anyone can do this.
I've already come here before.
How many does he want?
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
Tom avoids Mary whenever possible.
To his credit he knows what he's talking about.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't the last one to do that.
I will teach Esperanto in my land.
I like sweets.
Would you please close that window?
They'll be grateful.
Tom is a famous chef.
They moved ahead slowly.
John is in the swimming club.
Fluency in English is a very marketable skill today.
He's my dad.
What did you come here to do?
I don't mind if the weather is hot.
Not only did you not eat with me, you went to have dinner with another girl!
Why did you say such a thing?
I prefer coffee to tea.
I want to go to Africa someday.
I am online.
The fitting room is occupied.
Tom never talks about his childhood.
Did you go to the supermarket?
Maybe Tom is right.
Tom shot himself in the head.
You're an idiot!
Today is 23 November 2016.
She writes me every week.
God bless America.
The important thing is to call the police at once.
The baby tore up a ten-dollar bill.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
He lives in a cozy little house.
She tried to commit suicide.
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."
In the sphere of thought, absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world, and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
Your room is very big.
Child, how did this happen?
Hanako is set on going to Paris.
If there are 1000 steps between us, you only need to take one step, and I will take the other 999 to you.
Please don't tell your parents this.
The air we breathe consists of oxygen and nitrogen.
It's pretty simple.
Well, Bill, I am pleased to see you here.
When did your baby start talking?
The Catholic Church doesn't condone the use of condoms.
You can look at mine.
I came in a car.
It cost me 5,000 yen to repair my bicycle.
You should have turned left.
May you have a prosperous new year.
Unfortunately, she is absent.
He does not study hard, but does very well at school.
I filled the glass.
She's not a regular employee of this company.
Do you want some milk?
There are many slums in Mexico.
I'm free today.
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel.
Grab it.
I am grateful to you for your kindness.
Today is the fifth of March.
You may go in now.
When did you visit Kyoto last?
The student handed the examination papers in to the teacher.
This car came to a stop in front of the bank.
You all are reading.
Will you be at Lucy's tomorrow morning?
The plane crash was only last week.
I'm as old as he is.
What is the man saying?
I like the taste of watermelon.
She is only a child.
The problem is Tom.
He has no filter for what he says.
She listened to music in her own room.
I think he is going to come, but I'm not sure.
Buy the full version.
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
They are separated by a great distance.
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.
War doesn't make anybody happy.
He was always different.
What would you all like to eat?
How about tomorrow night?
I would do it if I could.
Such a teacher may as well retire from his work.
The city was soon occupied by the soldiers.
'Hayastan' is Armenia's name in Armenian.
If you are tired just let me know.
I don't like this idea.
I think that it'll be fine.
Why do you want to talk with Tom?
The trouble is that you're too young.
I saw him last week.
I wish I could buy you everything you wanted.
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
Is it a butterfly or a moth?
They helped him get to Canada.
Do you understand? Probably.
You may choose what you like.
Mr. Hirayama is a very good teacher.
You've arrived very early.
A flattering friend is your worst enemy.
Excuse me, do you know where the economics department library is?
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom stayed at this hotel for three weeks.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
I don't like it.
How can there exist a creature as adorable as a cat?
So you don't understand this sentence?
Tom told me he was coming back.
A square has four angles.
He can read well.
You know I would never do that kind of thing.
Is Tom illiterate?
It's next to impossible to finish it in a day.
I'd like to go to the movies.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
He is likely to arrive soon.
I walked to school.
A promise between friends naturally will be carried out to the end.
The 5 yen coin is made from brass and the 10 yen coin is made from bronze.
Miniskirts have gone out of fashion.
That hurts.
He does not have a mobile.
Ask him if he will attend the meeting.
Just about everything can be recycled.
Have you ever been robbed?
I'm old enough to live by myself.
This is Brian Rock.
My father is a native French speaker and my mother is a native English speaker.
Christmas is coming soon.
Don't believe what she says.
Parks are for the city what lungs are for animals.
The light turned green.
From my room in Brooklyn I can see all the way to Manhattan.
The China National Table Tennis Team had a month's closed training in winter.
I don't like rock music.
I missed my bus this morning.
He carried a bag full of apples.
We haven't seen anyone.
I should tell Tom what I have to do.
No matter how hard I try, I can't meet my parents' expectations.
In my opinion, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
She held her baby in her arms.
You must be at the station by 5 o'clock.
I need a place where I can study.
Listen to this.
I was invited to Sachiko's party.
Do you even know how to smell the flowers?
Tom does not have a fever this morning.
She brought a broom.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
Oliver has an acne problem.
You do not have me in your sights at all.
Supposing you had one million yen, what would you do with it?
A map helps us to know where we are.
What are we having for dinner tonight?
I am either going to watch a movie, or chat with my friends.
There are forty students in our class.
Dennis can be very wild sometimes.
You're my best friend.
Did you push the button?
Hokkaido is to the north of Sendai.
He's crazy about you.
You are a good driver.
There will be blood.
In crossing the street, you must watch out for cars.
We rested for a while.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
The wind blew her hat off.
She pulled him out of the mud.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
When is your birthday?
I'd like to change my room.
Marriage isn't really something that young people are interested in.
Shall we meet tomorrow?
My plans failed one after the other.
When they were in Leicester, it was obvious that they had a very warm relationship.
He often plays guitar.
You can swim much better than him.
You're drinking out of my cup.
He seldom eats fruits.
I wanted red shoes.
Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
It was snowing outside.
To govern a country is no easy job.
I'll be gone for a while.
What's your favorite television program?
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Tom can't account for his whereabouts on the day that Mary was murdered.
Let's talk about this tomorrow.
Something's wrong with the engine.
She saddled him with the work.
He responded to his parents.
London is no longer a city of fog.
I'm someone ambitious - someone who knows very well what she is after.
Do you want to come in?
He tore the book apart.
If you don't help him, he won't make it.
My mother will attend to the baby while I go to the dance.
I really enjoy your company.
That's not what I told Tom.
It's easy to distinguish good from evil.
I heard someone shout outside the window.
I'm not worried.
Tom made me do that.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
I live in the capital.
I'm going to Paris in the fall.
Give me something to write on.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
The city is at the northern end of Japan.
This car is easy to handle.
I was feeling sad and lonely.
No man has the imagination required to grasp female reason, which is why it is called unreasonable.
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.
It won't take very long.
It is raining.
They were not listening to music.
I've been in prison more than once.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
The students are all learning English.
I have to go shopping.
What is the fare from Osaka to Akita?
Why are you giving me this money?
Tom is a robot.
I can't just let Tom kill me.
He reads the newspaper every morning.
Hi, everybody.
The students adore the new English teacher.
I know that boy who is running.
The calculator on the table is mine.
Mr. Wang learnt German because he wanted to work in Germany.
These shoes are hers.
He backed his car into the garage.
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation.
Seeing the fresh lobster made me hungry.
I think I've found the answer.
Please serve him his meal first.
How much is this T-shirt?
This novel is very difficult to understand.
After this he went down to Capernaum with his mother and brothers and his disciples.
Tom found Mary's necklace under the sofa.
She had a vague feeling of guilt.
Robert is content with his present position.
You're just a coward.
I'm secretly in a one-sided love with them.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's 1500 a month.
Betty is a pretty girl, isn't she?
I don't know why you listen to her.
You may as well come with me.
He lets his workers eat meals in the office.
I'm surprised that you're so naive.
You're not getting it.
Please wait for me at the entrance of the building.
I'm ready to leave.
He was a big man called Little John.
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
What's the last thing you remember?
What's the width of this road?
Oh, how we laughed!
Have you been bitten by an insect?
I'm afraid I wouldn't be very good company.
I lost my wallet.
I'm eating.
He is a famous composer.
It was a quiet winter's evening.
He's the tallest in the class.
I can't get at the exact meaning of the sentence.
I won't leave you.
He has been dead for three years.
He jumped onto the table.
That war hurt the country.
They tried to use an iron bar to pry open the lock.
Is it a bit lighter or a bit heavier?
I had a really nice time tonight.
Have you got a lighter?
Tom hugged his parents.
She is very intelligent.
Luciano might have the crowd behind him, but he's still wet behind the ears.
So they say.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
Tom is always playing video games.
Each student has a locker.
The difference between Facebook and Twitter is that Twitter is a microblogging service.
You'd better not go out.
Tom asked Mary to help.
He was determined to go abroad.
Generally, Japanese people are shy.
The train is about to leave, we can barely catch it.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
Tom thinks I'm too young.
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
He started going bald quite young.
Who cares about him! I care about him, and then I don't!
I've already eaten lunch.
You can buy all kinds of newspapers at the bookstore.
I bumped my head against the door and got a lump.
This house isn't for sale.
I've been anticipating his arrival.
How about a drink after the game?
You know what I mean.
You're so naive.
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.
Write it down before you forget it.
Jane calls a spade a spade.
He is likely to be late again.
I paid about fifty dollars.
Tom makes TikTok videos.
We just need a plan.
That is a pencil.
I've found a way to overcome my habit of always picking fault with others.
I didn't play tennis yesterday.
What was the worst day of your life?
He didn't say a word to me all day.
Lastly, is there anything else to share with the group?
Okay, let's say no more about it.
She came into the room.
Put the wet umbrella in this bag, please.
She is evidently sick.
Do you have a woollen blanket?
It's over there.
He's busy with his homework now.
My house has a small yard.
I'll attend the next meeting.
Are there any questions?
I miswrote a word.
How often did you visit Kyoto?
When Spain colonized the Philippines, they were administrated by Mexico City. So it was Mexican Spanish, not Castilian Spanish, that influenced Tagalog.
That's not what you said you'd do.
I would rather stay at home than go fishing.
Who wrote this?
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
I can't walk.
We must observe the rules.
Please do not hang up the phone.
What's the purpose of your trip?
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
I'm going to mooch a meal off you at your place.
I went to England for two weeks to hang out and see the sights.
I neither drink nor smoke.
Where is the museum?
If you need a pen, I'll lend you one.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
Don't be scared of making mistakes.
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.
The thermometer went down below zero.
Dry clean it.
Look to your left, look to your right.
Did you lose weight?
What were the meetings like?
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
The new school semester has started.
It is very important for us to love a river.
I persuaded him to give up the idea.
He eats at twelve o'clock.
Frugality is a virtue.
She might know that we are here.
Does she know you?
Compare the two carefully, and you will see the difference.
I knew that you used to live in Boston.
Tom asked a few questions.
What horrible weather!
He is in hospital.
I bleed when I make love.
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.
Arabic must be read from right to left.
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
I hung the calendar on the wall.
They would rather stay.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
Are you carrying a lot of money?
It hasn't rained yet.
English has spread all over the country.
My suspicions were unfounded.
We should head back.
What kind of work will you do?
I don't like music as much as you do.
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
He was bathed in the warmth of the kind light.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
I'm the only one who knows them.
How are you doing in school?
It feels like it's going to absorb you into another world.
The TV remote control is under the couch.
It's at the third home in the second row of houses.
I'm interested in history.
An island came in sight.
John came to Japan yesterday.
Our world is getting smaller and smaller.
I have to go, otherwise I'll arrive late.
He pretended to be my friend.
She closely resembles her mother.
She has a pretty doll.
It's illegal to park your car here.
I would very much like to go.
Most people brush their teeth at least two times a day.
Sell wine?
His new novel is worth reading.
The guests are in the kitchen.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
Ms. Eichler had a notorious reputation for being austere to her students.
She makes me happy.
I'd like to buy menu of the day.
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.
I'll scold him.
He's talking on the telephone.
Right now it's 7:30.
Which one do you prefer?
Xiaoming could not handle his mother's scolding anymore, bursting into tears.
I'm making a snowman.
She shrugged her shoulders.
Either one is fine, but the former is more concise.
Self-confidence is the principal element of any great endeavor.
I dislike how he smiles.
I don't know if he can come tonight.
Is the weather hot today?
The boy observed the birds all day.
I wish I were a good singer.
The radio is powered off.
The good thing about winter is that there are no mosquitos.
Something is wrong with my watch.
I'm home, Mom!
I'd like to see it again.
I envy her.
I don't think we'll win.
The matter will be brought up at the next meeting.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
Take this medicine every six hours.
They must have made a mistake.
My parents won't let me date.
Even if you're really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
I saw a beautiful lady.
The floor is carpeted.
I'm not good at mathematics.
The school's lovely cherry blossoms drew a lot of residents to come and admire it.
They were lucky the game went into extra time because they ended up winning.
I will come, time permitting.
Meanwhile, the circumstances have changed drastically.
The telescope has opened a new eye onto the cosmos that has been transformative for our civilization.
He suddenly became very happy.
We usually have breakfast at 7:30.
We managed to get some foreign stamps.
Today I am four years old.
I plan to accept the offer from that company to become their marketing department's manager.
This desk is mine.
I hope my dream will come true.
Will you play go with me?
When is your book coming out?
He is eager to go there.
We said a lot of things.
Are your eyes bad?
You may take anything you like.
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.
She doesn't like to sing sad songs.
How many is nine minus six?
What are you thinking?
He went back to the village after he graduated.
We could see the full extent of the park from the hotel.
The unclaimed items were sold off at auction.
He found that the things he had studied in school were not useful in the business world.
Turn back, please.
I think this is blue.
The bird likes rice.
People tend to look at others with prejudice.
Be quiet, he might hear us.
He is a good carpenter.
Their daughter is a nurse.
She closed all the windows in the room.
I can't undo it.
Are you saying Tom's hiding something from us?
He saw my expression change.
Who do you think is going to win the match?
Tomorrow's going to be a big day.
Don't run across the street.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
This movie is frightening to the children.
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.
What should I do if a customer tries to flirt with me?
I was just trying to protect you.
If they'd known what was about to happen, they would have changed their plans.
Humans cannot live forever.
I don't have any children.
This question is easy to answer.
The plane is about to land.
He took out some coins.
The police are really good at understanding "Someone stole my credit card and ran up a lot of charges." It's a lot harder to get them to buy into "Someone stole my magic sword."
Fucking whore.
I have a Chinese friend.
Nobody tried to help Tom.
Call a taxicab to take us.
You seem to have mistaken me for my elder brother.
They were late because of the storm.
They are all good teachers.
They don't even know why.
Lend it to me too!
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
John was married to Jane.
He failed to see the stop sign at the intersection and hit an oncoming car.
Tom is in the living room, sleeping on the couch.
You didn't need to explain.
Are they actually friends?
Would that be possible?
You must return the book to him.
You have to put up with all these noises.
The children have gone to school already.
All those things are true.
She traveled all over the world.
I've told you not to give me any hickies!
We were filled with anger against the murderer.
You should have done so.
We intended to let you in on the secret.
Many TV programs have a bad influence on children.
Brasilia is Brazil's capital.
Do you really mean that?
Tom says that he can prove Mary did that.
We are both in the same class.
When their eyes met, it was as if the world stood still.
They are inquiring into the matter.
New York bristles with towering buildings.
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.
What kind of alcohol do you like to drink?
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.
"Do you have a match?" "I'm sorry, but I don't smoke."
He has back pain, he can't bend over.
All of us like her.
Mary must've done that by herself.
The more precise the calculations, the stronger the friendship.
This coat doesn't have pockets.
Tom said he didn't see anything.
Something may have happened to him.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
Dark clouds are a sign of rain.
If she was displeased, she never showed it.
That day left a deep impression on me.
Why did you come here?
You seem very nervous.
Only sixteen percent of the teachers at the school are female.
We were in London last winter.
The teacher gave her pupils a tongue-lashing.
My father will possibly come on the next train.
A woman asked me for directions.
"How are you?" "I'm fine, thank you."
The end justifies the means.
Thank you for coming, Tom.
We've decided not to fire you.
Even now there are occasional aftershocks.
Large houses are not necessarily comfortable to live in.
For the first time in her life Yuka finished reading an English book.
I will love you always.
Can you confirm that it is a correctable error?
Give way to the birds.
He is your king.
May I borrow this book?
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
It's taking a little longer than I expected.
Tomorrow, he will land on the moon.
I don't know how deep the lake is.
There is a path through the fields.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
I couldn't stand looking at it.
Tell me what to do with it.
The wall is partly covered with ivy.
Good, right, yes.
What is Tom reading?
The teacher can't have said such a thing.
Why did you only stop the foreigners?
It was reckless of her to trust him.
It's healthy to breathe deeply.
Do as I told you to do.
I was late for the meeting with the result that I missed the most important part.
Don't respond to that.
My car isn't brown.
Tom is on the go day and night.
Nobody was there.
I'm not at all interested in physics.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
I need to know your answer by Friday.
Don't you feel better?
Waiter, check please.
I can't really read her.
He's later than you think.
She spoke through an interpreter.
Will you go to the party instead of me?
Come on, try again.
Tom sat silently for 30 minutes.
Hold the ball with both hands.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Islamophobia is a problem that's on the rise.
My camera is waterproof.
I am good at math.
If you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its torso it will swing its arms round and go forward doing somersaults.
I'm just beginning.
Carrots contain a lot of vitamin A.
Wow!
You like baseball?
These machines aren't working now.
The weather is nice tonight.
This coat fits you perfectly.
Finally!
I almost laughed out loud.
I have a pair of shoes.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
A white dove is on the roof.
Tom promised me that he wouldn't tell anyone.
I want to take a look at this room.
It is already ten years since we got married.
She divorced her husband.
Japanese companies generally provide their employees with uniforms.
He has something that I don't: faith.
Suddenly the lion came at his trainer.
I'm not a bit tired.
Betty killed him.
I can come, too.
Do you know this girl?
I am worried about him.
All participants must be registered.
Bern is the capital of Switzerland.
He got married to Ann last month.
I'm sorry I have kept you waiting so long.
It was believed that the earth was flat.
Someone stole my laptop computer.
My cat is mad.
I just want to sleep.
Tom won't stop.
Winter is here, spring can't be far?
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
It's improved.
I wish the rain would stop.
He was re-elected mayor.
Do not forget about us.
Have you got anything that's better quality?
I work too much.
She's very beautiful.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
You're the only one that can help us.
He's afraid.
He gave me precise instructions to do the job.
Swimming is easy for me.
Kid, don't touch the mirror!
I got warm from jogging for an hour.
I always take a bath in the morning.
It's because he got lost.
Did you borrow it?
Do you watch TV?
I have breakfast at seven every morning.
It's obvious.
Because of their rarity, pandas have become a world treasure.
Tom is about to fall asleep.
I asked Tom to close the door.
I have put on two kilograms this summer.
We set a trap to catch a fox.
For what reason are you learning English?
This is tasteless.
Christmas is almost here.
Tom advised us to leave before 2:30.
I would rather not go there alone.
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
He gave correct answers to the questions.
The sky turned dark.
Put your hands up!
I was just talking about Tom.
She died in his arms.
What is the child up to now?
In which folder did you save the file?
I can't follow Tom's logic.
I know what it's like to lose someone.
The flood water reached the level of the windows.
She was on the point of leaving.
You don't look so good.
I live in this place.
He lives for nothing but pleasure.
How arrogant!
She has bought some cloth; she is going to make herself a dress.
Check your dictionary.
What're you eating?
No parking.
He is used to talking back.
What is your phone number?
I sent him an email.
I'm going to call you tomorrow.
Can I borrow your tennis racket today?
At the turn of the century, children still worked in factories.
Have a good rest!
Is it hard to learn German?
The sight of the money tempted him into stealing.
Could you send me a map by facsimile?
You'd better have your hair cut at once.
Most boys like baseball.
You'll have to make up some kind of excuse.
I could swim well even when I was a child.
What is your impression of America?
Should I pick up my ticket now?
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
Have you experienced the night life here?
You did not say so.
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school.
I'm Shanghainese.
I have an old car.
The ground is still wet. As likely as not, the game will be canceled.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's busy.
Jesus is good.
I should have taken the money.
Tom is bad at math.
I'm getting endlessly annoyed by this foolishness.
"Are you friends with Mary?" "Yes, she's my roommate."
We have two examinations during this term.
A whistle blew, and the boat slowly began to pull out of port.
In comparison to him, I am still older.
I'm learning Japanese.
Where's my father?
Tom found a dead body on the beach.
What does this mean?
Australia is the largest country in Oceania.
He has never been late for school.
I am going to buy some things.
I wasn't angry.
It is clear that the Americans can't even solve their own problems, so how can they possibly think themselves capable of dealing with the rest of the world's problems?
Do we have milk in the fridge?
Alice smiled.
His music and words appeal to young people.
He asked me a question.
We've got to get you some help.
She slapped me on the chin.
We can see things in the distance using a telescope.
Using this device it's possible to turn ocean water into freshwater.
In the German language there are many long words.
Tom came back.
I love France.
There is no need for you to rush.
Try once again.
Was there enough money?
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
I fell asleep while reading a book.
Being at least bilingual is a must in today's world.
At night all cats are grey.
Why are you still unmarried?
I'm sure that Mary will do very well.
Children often hate spinach.
Everyone knows Tom lied.
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
I am a serf.
I visited my grandmother's house.
The three boys had only two dollars among them.
Tom studies French as well.
Let's clear up this problem.
The event is still fresh in our memory.
What nationality is Tom?
The heavens are bright with stars tonight.
Sami's cellphone rang.
He hates me. And I hate him!
He read the poem again.
Which fruit do you like the best?
He's very good at guitar.
She can speak both English and German.
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair.
You ran back here.
It was during the ice age that the saber-toothed tiger became extinct.
It was in London that I last saw her.
His brother goes to school by bus.
Humans are the only animals that can use fire.
We get together once a year.
Don't make fun of people.
I didn't want to be seen.
There is a crowd of people in front of the town hall.
They have the same habits.
I can't survive without air conditioning in the summer.
Those young men are independent of their parents.
Eat up all your spinach!
Is this fish still alive?
She will get well soon.
You need to listen carefully.
He held a package under his arm.
Where is your homework?
What are you going to do when the one you love does not love you.
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
How big is your bed?
I don't know what Tom got.
I don't want to know what I'll be like in 30 years.
I think he is not Chinese.
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences.
I studied for one hour.
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.
Bring Tom here.
You can call me anytime you like.
Sami has a huge list of New Year's resolutions.
The office has been topsy-turvy since the merger upset everything.
All people are equal.
You're irresistible.
Was the book interesting?
Would you please look after the children?
The dog always barks at me.
I can't wait forever.
We cannot overestimate the value of health.
He put his things carelessly in the drawer.
I don't want to look stupid.
Tom came in first.
Work harder if you plan to succeed.
We cannot sleep well on summer nights.
The rose is pink.
She has big boobs.
Hundreds of people were waiting outside the ticket office.
This book is too difficult for me.
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
Sometimes being overcautious in planning could upset the apple cart.
I don't know that person.
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview.
I had my composition corrected by the teacher.
Good to see you.
If you start at once you'll arrive by six o'clock.
What's the worst-case scenario?
You should've introduced yourself.
I've been really busy lately.
I've come across all kinds of trials and tribulations.
The students have returned.
Optimism is merely a lack of information.
What time shall I come?
What is love?
Every player is under obligation to keep the rules.
It's snowing in Paris.
Do you have something to say?
Parrots imitate human speech.
What is the basis of your assumptions?
I really want to know her name.
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.
I helped him with his homework.
What're you doing there?
There were two bridges.
I don't think we'd have any chance of winning.
That rumor soon spread.
Is this Tom's?
I took care of her.
He looked me over from head to foot.
That's terribly expensive!
This news shocked the world.
She is always losing her handkerchief.
Yesterday, an explosion occurred at the fireworks factory.
Tom also likes to eat fish.
He has no sense of humor.
He is mean.
I want to talk with him.
I want to see it again.
It's high time you were in bed.
Lansing is the state capital of Michigan.
I want to pay with a credit card.
Tom realized it was time to leave.
He won't make it to old age.
He has been sitting there for two hours.
It was the morning rush hour, and there were a lot of passing pedestrians and cars.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
Oww, it hurts. I'll pay attention next time.
The weather is really hot.
Do you like to watch movies?
There's a spider in the box.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He made me his own assistant.
He's changed a lot in his looks.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
The hardest part of learning Chinese is the Chinese characters.
Glad to see you again.
She likes to go to the sauna.
She usually gets up early.
It was a nightmare.
He likes this book.
He could not come because of his serious illness.
You should've come yesterday.
What did you do with that book?
We're finally alone.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
I don't like her.
Many poor students are given bursaries.
Let's leave the decision to Tom.
They want this.
We haven't received a telegram.
Algiers never stands still.
We've been asked to not do this anymore.
My son is tired of hamburgers.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the cause of many illnesses.
He is playing in his room.
My joints ache when it gets cold.
Today above ground tomorrow under.
He was surprised to see him.
My mother is beautiful.
They constructed a bridge.
The ship is about to set sail.
We heard this song before.
Did you eat already?
Will you accept this job?
Tom asked for food.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
The teacher requested to see one of my parents.
I'm sorry that I made you wait for so long today.
She's drinking apple juice.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
Do you speak German or English?
He rescued a boy from drowning.
"Are these cars yours?" "Yes, they are mine."
What company does he work in?
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America. He really wants to go next year.
I suggest we drink as little as possible to be polite.
Having a slight headache, I went to bed early.
Are you going to hurt her?
Are you absolutely certain about this?
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
I can't move this.
Silk is very precious.
Mike asked that he not be disturbed.
Tom got up from his desk.
I called him.
I've finished watering the flowers.
Winter is over and spring has come.
I want to go to the store.
We are all longing for peace in the world.
You can buy whichever you like, but not both.
Let's go drink a cup.
This room is very warm.
Here's where they usually have dinner.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
Why did you quit?
Eating too much is bad for the health.
Let's give it a try.
Because it's a developing country, some aspects of China aren't as good as those in Western countries.
Summer vacation begins next Monday.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when speaking English.
I didn't tell anyone what time I'd be arriving.
All you can do is to wait.
There’s work and there’s your life’s work.
Anyone up for a game of poker?
Clean the window with a damp cloth.
Do not loathe yourself.
She isn't pregnant.
Tom wanted to go to Australia.
He's my younger brother.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and 20 dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
He stayed there a couple of days.
He moved into my neighborhood.
You will never be too old to learn.
I know that that isn't true.
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
Tom is looking closely at the map.
Is this what you wanted?
She ironed his shirts.
Mrs. Smith cleans that room.
Shall we go to the market?
That isn't what I ordered.
Tom said he needed money.
Please help me clean the house.
Open the window. It's baking hot in here.
Thank you for yesterday.
He urgently needs to find work.
Have you finished packing yet?
Long live the Revolution!
Look at those guys play! They’re really getting stuck in!
The hawk caught a mouse.
This map is a pirate map.
The young man put out his hand and I shook it.
Sami didn't have time to maneuver.
I had a funny dream last night.
Thomas Edison invented the light bulb.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
How many rackets do you have?
The river flows under the bridge.
Aren't you a musician?
I thought of a good idea.
Entering the house, I tripped over the mat.
This machine is easy to handle.
Who is this boy?
Everyone deserves a second chance.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
You should thank me.
I want to be a lawyer.
Don't you play tennis?
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
Do you have kids?
That Italian author is little known in Japan.
I paid double the sum.
What's so special about Tom?
I thought he was my brother.
No one listens anymore.
He's a Japanese boy.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
I know that Tom is against it.
Let's help each other!
Could you come up here?
What's happened to you?
It's a dystopia.
Tom doesn't know what he should do.
Tom is wearing headphones.
I teach.
She got married in her teens.
He wants more.
Bill was in Japan.
Hey, you there!
Let's give them another chance.
The girl resembles her mother.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?
You don't intend going there, do you?
Tom says he isn't sure if he can do that, but he says he'll try.
The little boy is afraid of the dark.
It's mine now.
Is he breathing?
I know that Mike likes basketball.
I'm sure Tom will win this afternoon.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
Mary thought Tom was in trouble.
Japan is an extremely noisy country.
It's my bad.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
Tom wants to come back to Australia.
That hurts! Stop it!
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Peter looks very young.
She demanded to see the manager.
Yesterday I met Mary on the street.
I hate Mary's boyfriend.
My dog follows me wherever I go.
Is your school far away from your house?
She left her gloves in the car.
I am not afraid of dying.
She cut the apple with a knife.
Just a little more.
He was deeply moved by the story.
I’m fine. And you?
Who told you that?
I was quite hungry.
I don't doubt it.
I caught a cold two days ago.
What he did really shows the right spirit!
Bob cooks breakfast in the morning.
On behalf of the company, I welcome you.
The accident took place at that corner.
Patience has its limits.
It is not easy to master English.
I painted the gate blue.
Have you tasted such good soup before?
What are you worried about?
We gave the performer a round of applause.
I don't mind if it's hot.
Tom died three months ago.
We'll be sure to look into it.
I don't know much about computers.
There's no water in the well.
We carried out that plan.
I just talked to the person in charge.
Tom is interested in maths.
I got the sack but I've a little saved up, so for the time being I won't be troubled by living expenses.
I think it'll be hot tomorrow.
Why are you so insecure?
I have a friend who lives in Kyoto.
I don't know how to operate this computer.
Everybody likes to goof off.
Old pal! Where are you working now?
It's no use arguing about it.
What is permitted to Jove is not permitted to an ox.
I'm halfway through this detective story.
War may break out at any moment.
Is there anything that I should not eat?
Sami is ready to leave for the airport.
Your sweater is inside out.
When I was in London last year, someone broke into my room and stole my wallet.
In addition to English, he can speak French.
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.
Making a good start is half the battle.
We are having dinner.
Even though Tom is wealthy, he's not happy.
It has started raining again.
Do you have coronavirus symptoms?
Where does one find such a good man?
I'd like to have cake for dessert.
Where is that woman?
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
He's even more hardworking than you are.
How much is this watch?
Why can't you come?
You're a true friend.
We must deal fairly with these people.
It's against the law to carry weapons.
I had a lot of fun.
The concert will probably last three hours.
Judging from the present look of the sky, we may have a downpour any moment.
They have three children now.
Don't let the dog out.
I'll close the door, okay?
I want to eat French cuisine.
I'd like a glass of water.
Tom hasn't yet told us what he wants us to buy.
Tom is a French teacher.
She waited for you for two hours.
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?
I was born in Mexico on a beautiful day in May.
If there is somebody to back me up, the business will be successful.
You got here fast.
I saw Tom three days ago.
He is wanting in courage.
Have you had your eyesight checked recently?
This textbook is written in simple English.
The asteroid broke up into small pieces as it entered Earth's atmosphere.
Wait for me!
He got angry and hit her.
I don't really want to live in Australia.
You're only saving face!
I cannot believe what's happening in front of my eyes.
He was in time for the appointment.
We suspected him of lying.
What am I eating?
You don't seem scared.
When was the last time you talked to Mary?
She appears to have many friends.
She earns 30 dollars per day.
Nothing is worth more than love.
We waited for hours before help arrived.
Does Nancy want to have a dog?
What are we having for dinner?
He was a rugby player.
I'm dying to see Paris.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
Ken has a guitar.
They aren't afraid of death.
First, I should hear both sides.
My country is far from Japan.
When will you come back to school?
Lay it on the table.
I asked him to wait here.
What does your father do?
I will never forget your kindness.
I wish that Tom would go home.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
I was at my wit's end when I heard the news.
Did I tell you I got a new job?
He's a liar.
How did you make it?
I'm not German.
He forbade Skura from ever seeing Yidir.
What else will you need?
He is called Huan, we are colleagues.
My neck still hurts.
He observed that we should probably have rain.
You are not me.
Did you hear what I said?
The red dress suited her.
In any case, it's troublesome, isn't it?
What would you like to do in the future?
Do you have change for a dollar?
The rainy season set in early this year.
I'd like to reserve a flight to Vancouver.
The teacher easily loses his temper with the students.
You wish!
What are you crying for?
I think I now have enough money to buy the car that I want.
In order to cut down on costs, the company refuses to allow employees to work overtime.
Where did you buy these shoes?
Please tell me what to do.
Ken met her on his way home.
The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
Bob reached the finish line first.
There's a lot of trash on the far bank of the river.
I didn't.
Tom got angry at the children.
It isn't dinnertime yet.
I thought you were my friend.
Tom asked me about you.
Stop trying to play me for a fool!
After careful examination, it can be seen that the skull was smashed to pieces.
Bob forgot to bring the pass, which made him late for school.
Can your mother drive a car?
Tom's hope was to win first prize.
Japan is full of surprises!
The sun is coming up.
I work at a cram school.
Sami was nice the whole time.
Please remember what he said.
There's no coffee left.
Curiosity killed the cat.
Shouldn't somebody be helping Tom?
Let me introduce myself.
It's October the third.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
The president refused to respond to that question.
I remember locking the door.
Tom isn't going to give me that.
I go by that church every day.
Where do you want to go?
Stop giving me such a venomous look.
Let's enjoy this peace and quiet.
Well then, have you decided?
I'm not good at maths.
How much is it?
She put aside the sewing and stood up.
If you understand, then do it properly.
I had to cancel that order because we didn't have enough money to pay for it.
I was trying to kill time.
Tell her that I am cooking dinner.
It had rained in the forest.
Without water, no creature could live.
My impression of America is very good.
They eat these things.
Christmas is fast approaching.
Dave never returned to school again.
I start work at 8.
We'll most likely go, but we'll decide once we see what the weather is like.
The Lockheed scandal is a worldwide corruption scandal involving the major American plane manufacturer Lockheed. It came to light in February 1976 and revolved mainly around the acceptance of passenger plane contracts.
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
It's been almost ten years, but you're as beautiful as ever.
Beware of the dog!
He even called me an idiot.
Of course she passed the test.
I don't speak Chinese.
Tom received a heavy blow on the head.
Why is your cat so big?
She married her classmate.
You don't want to believe Tom.
Kate always sleeps through her alarm. Speaking of which, have you seen her yet today?
Should we have some lunch?
Tom usually stays at five-star hotels.
You are the most important person in my life.
The picture reminds me of my family.
Do you live in Salamanca?
Achieve your dreams.
The bell has not rung yet.
How long have you known Miss Smith?
When I speak up at the wrong moment, I often get my friends and myself into difficult situations.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, snake, horse, goat, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
How can I reach you?
He gave her a piece of paper.
I want to buy.
There are a lot of people in the park.
I want to see them again.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
You ought to ask him for advice.
He is ashamed of his failure.
I'll have to find a part-time job.
I'll swim.
I heard that Mary wants a divorce.
I thought that it would be worse.
Tom knows that you know.
Our supplies are running out.
Nancy likes music.
I drink 1.7 liters of water each day.
He's already too far away to hear us.
Help me send out these two letters, all right?
The fans all hope the club changes the manager.
I don't have any money.
I met your girlfriend.
The company is starting to implement the new management system from next month.
He is in the process of doing his homework.
He is the baby of the family.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
I'm not fussy.
What's the good of having a car if you don't drive?
I am going to play tennis.
I feel a little guilty that I didn't invite him to join the celebration.
The company suffered big losses.
Whose car is this?
My throat is parched.
Tom doesn't want to do that today.
I don't like this song.
Show me a cheaper one, please.
My blood pressure is 155 over 105.
He's sitting at an empty table.
He is a member of the baseball club.
You should get your car fixed.
I didn't pass.
She was wearing pink panties under the skirt.
I don't like your going there by yourself.
Tom didn't have enough money to pay the rent.
The map on page 11 looks very strange. Turn it upside down. Then it becomes a familiar map to you.
He gets up at seven.
He lacks self-confidence.
We're all praying for Japan.
I am hungry.
Your breath smells.
They treat me like a child.
I wasn't aware that Tom was sick.
Tom and Mary got back into their car.
I memorized his name and address.
I was late for school on account of an accident.
Who is your favorite TV star?
How many tiles do you need?
Don't cry.
Urgh... annoying!
My first day in the university was rather boring.
I was asked to umpire the game.
My father was no less affectionate and tender to me than my mother was.
He painted the barn.
There are 26 letters in French: a, b, c, d, e, f, g, h, i, j, k, l, m, n, o, p, q, r, s, t, u, v, w, x, y, z.
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room.
She adores cats.
Meg didn't even look at me.
Why don't you eat vegetables?
On sunny days, the beach is very crowded.
Please mind your belongings.
That's my goal.
How many innocent people were killed in Vietnam?
Tatoeba is addictive.
Which ocean separates China and America?
He doesn't like coffee.
The enemy of an enemy is a friend.
What the devil are you doing?
Tom started as a janitor, but he's now the president of the company.
You may have to help her.
He was too tired to walk any farther.
I didn't see anything.
We go to the South of France for a change of air.
He is just a Mr Nobody.
I know it's time to go, but I want to stay longer.
Don't let him down.
I still need to win more.
No one can control him.
I'm a fan of pacifism.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
A leaf is falling.
There aren't any medicines that can cure this disease.
People tend to look at others with bias.
Tom has a lot of creative ideas.
Tom knows many French songs.
If one day you realised that you are good for nothing, what will you do?
I'm not Uyghur. I'm Russian.
I bought a camera two days ago.
I've got something I want to show you.
I really want to see you.
Tom is boring.
When do you want me to call?
We enjoyed watching TV.
He glanced at his watch.
These are very early stories.
Your opinion matters.
She left her umbrella on the bus.
I'm an engineer.
We got on the bus there.
We couldn't do that.
I've got my hands full before 4 pm.
The earth is smaller than the sun.
It's easy for monkeys to climb trees.
He answered his parents back.
The second lesson is very easy.
Damon showed me his stamp album.
There is a bus stop near by.
The first item he bought was an alarm clock.
Beer bottles are made of glass.
People “diagnosed” with “Internet addiction” are nearly always diagnosed with other difficulties as well.
Tom got in the car and started the engine.
I spent a week in the hospital.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
He gave me a promise to come here at five.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
Who does the cooking in your home?
There was no one to be seen in the street.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
They say that Marie Antoinette was responsible for the French Revolution.
What are you laughing at?
I've tried Controls, but they seem a little tighter to me than Durexes.
He learnt the periodic table by heart just for fun.
You are on the wrong plane.
Come on in!
I came for you.
The telephone rang a few minutes later.
"May I use your telephone?" "By all means."
I hope this is the right one.
I like instrumental music.
Could you get me some tea?
My urine is clear.
Having failed many times, he never gave up the plan.
Tomorrow, I want to go to Madrid. It is the capital city of Spain.
You should come over.
I want to go swimming with Tom.
All of the cookies are in the shape of stars.
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.
She bought a woollen pullover to give to him.
Tom is taking a day off.
Did you eat at home before you came here?
Are you Chinese?
He caught them stealing apples.
Grace looked angry.
People do not live to eat but eat to live.
Why do you want to be a nurse?
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.
I have the queen of hearts.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
The input method also works with this version.
This book will do more harm than good.
I'm impatient.
Take whichever you want.
They went along and along, but they couldn't seem to find just the right place.
Tom earns a lot of money.
I want to go abroad one day.
Latin is not at all easy to learn.
You're really too kind.
Are you really willing to help?
Keep not two tongues in one mouth.
I'm your French teacher.
Jane looks happy.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
I really need a drink now.
She has a good many friends here.
Cats can catch mice.
You're the boss.
Ken can swim, can't he?
If you concentrate all your energies on the study of English, you will master the language.
This book has a lot of illustrations.
They are wearing expensive rings.
I've no idea.
That's Tom's dictionary.
Yesterday was my birthday.
The sacrificed newborn doesn't fear the tiger.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
I wish I were a little taller.
I'll buy this.
The young chemist decided to open a pharmacy.
Turn left at the corner.
I can't show you this.
China has 80 or 90 languages.
It isn't possible to know everything.
Thank you for your strong support.
Happy year of the rooster!
Are they brothers?
I'd like to pay by credit card.
Mum, why doesn't Dad clean his own study?
To err is to be human.
You're the only person I can trust.
Don't laugh at him for making a mistake.
Child, why are you crying? Tell me.
The professor scolded John for skipping class.
I remember this word.
Tom decided to become a monk.
There are many more students in the classroom today than yesterday.
Tom blushed.
Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.
What is it you want to know?
It's cool this morning, isn't it?
His failure is obvious.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
Has she finished the book yet?
I still remember his name.
How about it?
She went upstairs.
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks.
Bring two breakfasts, please. Number 2 on the menu, and two teas with milk.
She seems to devote all her effects to her career.
There are many endangered species.
He pays with a credit card.
Eat soup.
"What's that?" "This is a peach."
Please translate the sentence below.
Tom sells flowers.
I didn't even kiss her.
He has a long neck.
Ah Mei is an adorable girl.
She elbowed her way onto the train.
Tom wants to know if you have time to help him.
I gave the bag back to Ken.
Can I borrow a pen? Mine's on its last legs.
Tom asked me if I was tired.
My canary was killed by a cat.
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers.
Is there a telephone anywhere?
I can't remember any of it.
Where is the person?
I'm Mary, Tom's wife.
We love our school.
You're the one who quit.
This car is very economical on gas.
It's good to see you.
Everyone feels pessimistic.
Is this an anime theme song?
It's a risk that Tom and I aren't willing to take.
I always take a bath before going to bed.
It's quarter to seven.
China is twenty times as large as Japan.
Over and over again, he read the letter she had mailed him, but he still did not understand it.
Possibly because he's got a beard, he looks scary at first glance but he's really a kind man.
There's not very many customers today.
The blue phone is on the table.
Buying cheap can cost you a lot of money.
Can you lend me your knife?
She is always at school.
I don't talk to him anymore.
I thought that Tom was going to be here.
He is not from Hokkaido.
I'm busy.
The students went all over the classroom looking for their friends and buddies, unfortunately to the point at which Junior couldn't find anyone!
I wasn't alone then.
He researched British tea culture in great detail.
I'm just another man.
Bite the bullet.
Lunch is on.
Can you help me a little?
One can't go beyond one's limits with exercising and stay within the bounds of what one can do. Otherwise, it can have negative effects on the body.
He won't be back tomorrow.
This is my younger sister.
He is proud of having been educated in the United States.
Tom is tall and likewise strong.
It was so still that you would have heard a pin drop.
Who do you think you are?
The soil here is fertile.
She can swim further than I can.
Stop yelling.
You can decorate the cocktail with a cherry or a pineapple.
I can cook you something if you're hungry.
He that will thrive must ask leave of his wife.
Why are you buying this type of car?
The two boys, aged respectively fourteen and sixteen, were dressed in the army uniform, and wore gold-lace sergeant's chevrons upon their sleeves.
His opinion is reasonable.
She looked at me.
May I take a photo?
He underwent severe criticism.
Coffee, please.
What's the title of your new book?
He wants something cold to drink.
He likes baseball very much.
Don't stand up.
This is a fake.
We didn't know what train they'd be on.
Can you pass me the salt, please?
I was absorbed in a book and didn't hear you call.
Tom won't be optimistic.
You've got something on your lip.
Tom slept with his shoes on.
That's a face I've seen before.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
I'm always stressed out.
We found the boy fast asleep.
Can I go home now?
She put off going to Mexico.
We eat so we can live.
You're really useless.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
Tom is overweight.
My underpants are wet.
I like science fiction better.
My phone is out of battery.
Carol often watches horror films.
I guess I waited too long.
I can see Tom.
We can't choose where we come from, but we can choose where we go from there.
She will never be able to get the things she pursues!
The players made a wall as Lionel Messi went to shoot.
He makes a mountain out of a molehill.
Tom respects his parents.
How do Muslims view Jews?
I need help.
Do you mind if I turn off the light?
I believe that he'll do fine.
Pick up the pencil from the floor.
I'm having my house painted next month.
How did Mary get Tom to help her with her homework?
Why aren't you in there?
Meow.
After work I go straight home.
Tom can swim faster than anyone else I know.
I think he will do his best.
Sam had to prove that.
She thought that he was wasting electricity.
This is a fast and effective way of communication.
I've done enough already.
Tom put his hand over the microphone.
What a stupid boy he is!
I think we are still in Poland!
You are always to knock before entering my room.
What's your favorite item of clothing?
There are no people who don't desire peace.
She doesn't want to talk about it.
I want the fan.
The translation is quite true to the original.
She said to herself, "I am very happy."
He moved the desk to the right.
You don't look so hot.
Are you Ukrainian?
The best time to plant a tree is 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
All the dogs are alive.
Frank, what's happened to you?
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
Tom isn't foolish.
Some people questioned his honesty.
Tom was the last one to get in the van.
Please buy me a turtle, Mother, please buy me a turtle.
I'm too excited to sleep.
Can you explain something to me?
Hi, I'd like a deep-fried pizza roll.
Where did he buy that book?
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full.
Tom felt tired.
Stop whining.
What time is it right now?
Out of all four seasons, I like spring the best.
I don't want to wait.
We started a campaign against smoking.
I don't have a sword.
This is not his phone.
Will you go shopping with me?
The war lasted nearly ten years.
You helped us.
Wow, she’s got a lot of pace, I’m impressed!
Mary had a bad dream.
I really know what he said.
Are there any larger carrots?
You're really a great person.
I'll go out after I've rested for a while.
He is said to have been the richest man in the village.
Tom recently found a good job.
I lived in the US from 2008 till 2011.
I want to relax more.
Do you have a driver's license with you?
I have to clean the bathroom.
We are having lunch.
The alarm clock is set for 5 a.m.
If there's an emergency, you must run out of the house through this exit.
I'd like to stay for one night.
Trump wants to buy Greenland.
The rain soaked me on my way home.
Xiaoming really likes model airplanes.
What's your favorite operating system?
I wish that she would stop smoking.
How soon can they be delivered?
This computer is yours, right?
My classmate, Xiao Ming, has strong managerial capability.
St James Palace represents her, William and his brother Harry, and now regards her "induction" as complete.
He prays several times a day.
The students noted down every word the teacher said.
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
Her father died when she was three.
Tomorrow's Sunday.
I've been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
Today I take your hand so that we may grow old together.
Turn off the television. I can't concentrate.
I didn't fall asleep.
Have fun!
Where should we go?
She spoke Japanese well.
She gave it her personal attention.
I've decided to tell Tom about what happened.
This is not true.
It seems to me that she is a little selfish.
He and I are teachers.
I like castles.
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
Tom had no idea Mary was a serial killer.
Remember to use the dictionary!
"Our train leaves at 9:00." "Don't worry. We'll make it."
He fixed the net.
Tom was arrested for driving without a license.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
My mother is active.
Where's the nearest travel agency?
I saw them today.
They look pretty close.
The gas gives off a strong, bad smell.
When did you start wearing contact lenses?
A cold front swept over Europe.
I think that would be fun.
We usually walk to school.
Tom may be right.
The picnic was cancelled because of the rain.
This book is too expensive. I can't afford to buy it.
The buildings look so tiny.
It is likely to rain today.
There are six sentences in Mongolian in Tatoeba as of now.
I asked him to mend my shoes.
Thanks for calling me.
With this little money, I can't even support my family.
That doesn't make sense.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
I'm doing my homework.
I don't even like you.
This is where they usually eat supper.
This is a Turkish tradition.
We call him "Skunk Man".
Thank you for your hard work.
I haven't quite finished eating.
Go there yourself.
I have some good news for you.
There's still no end in sight.
I can't agree with you.
Tom wants to spend more time with his family.
In French, you can rarely omit the subject.
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
I think Tom is too young.
Do you subscribe to any magazines?
I'll go with you when pigs fly.
He took a glance at the girl.
Who is the man that you were talking with?
How about going out tonight?
We'll talk about this later.
I've not seen him in a long time.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
Here is the bill.
Nobody supported her.
There is always something happening here.
Would you like something to eat?
He is very sensitive.
I have a little money.
I knew it was him.
She's taken a day off.
She naturally accepted the invitation.
My sister washes her hair every morning.
He likes French more than German.
I looked in the cupboard.
I have no friend to talk with.
All people are created equal.
There are many shantytowns in Mexico.
He was playing the piano.
In any case, I did my duty.
It'll soon be three o'clock.
He made a desk and two benches for us.
Trust him. He's an expert on the subject.
Do you know what it means for a man to give a woman perfume?
We really enjoyed ourselves.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
I drink tea, too.
He'd prefer not to eat that.
Did you see yesterday's match against Australia?
One plus two is equal to three.
They are not all at home right now.
There is no beer here.
I got along with everybody.
She left her son alone in the car.
Is it hard to speak English?
I'm good at soccer.
That's to say, I have a better understanding of the Chinese nation.
Please use British English in your text.
I can help you out.
Let's see if Tom knows what to do.
I'm from France.
He will come to you tomorrow.
Tom bent down and picked up a handful of sand.
Tom is younger than I am.
Do you think Tom will permit Mary to do that?
It's said that she's a well-known actress.
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
He regrets what he did.
I don't want to.
We ate Peking duck in the Chinese restaurant.
That student knows some English.
My grandfather lived to be 90 years old.
I love you. Will you marry me?
I ran into Tom at the supermarket.
I am going out this afternoon.
What do you think about it?
She may not come.
We are informed by newspapers of the major events that take place every day.
I used to have a friend named Tom.
Old beliefs die hard even when demonstrably false.
He is foolish and absurd.
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon.
Tom is no fool.
I've never seen you cook. Can you cook anything at all?
Sami doesn't make that much money.
I was asked whether I wanted to do that.
You'll embarrass her.
This sounds very interesting.
Tom lost his only son in a car accident.
See you later.
What is lurking in the shadows?
He is here.
The glass round table was smashed.
I have an appointment with him at six.
Accuracy is important in arithmetic.
Let's go to the field and fly kites, what do you say?
You're wasting water.
Seeing this scene, I couldn’t help but sigh.
This is the house where he lived.
Where's Tom?
There were many children in the room.
Your camera is only half the size of mine.
They want to buy a new house and a new car.
He came to see me.
I bike to work.
How long will this rain go on?
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender, both are OK.
Watching TV is a passive activity.
The class of forty includes eighteen girls.
This is the best restaurant I know.
Tom joined our company three years ago.
This is the worst hotel in town.
The police got to the scene of the accident.
It's probably going to take you about three hours to read this book.
Don't kid around.
I didn't meet anyone there.
My friends invited me to dinner.
Aren't you free tonight?
I'm not satisfied with my English ability.
Currently Burj Khalifa is the tallest skyscraper in the world.
Did he admit that he was wrong?
Are you aware of how much she loves you?
No one was there.
There's a monster under my bed.
I hope Tom isn't angry.
I'm playing volleyball now.
That gray building?
Don't beat around the bush.
Can you teach me how to fly?
I just want you to give me back that book you borrowed a few days ago.
Can you come on Sunday evening?
Don't forget to take the first-aid kit.
He gave Tom an important position.
Do you know how to use a computer?
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
Time passes quickly when we are doing something we like.
Although these batteries are new, they don't work.
We are anxious about our daughter's health.
The dictionary comes in two volumes.
I do not know whether it is good or not.
Within two hours the sun had set.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
Tom has gone to get a haircut, but he should be back soon.
The teacher granted me permission to go home early.
It's been a long time.
Don't get so excited!
You don't speak English in your home.
This box is too bulky to carry.
I think Tom is still alive.
Of all things, don't do that!
Only shoes know about holes in socks.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
I don't know why I'm a little tired today.
You're hurt.
A woman visited us while you were sleeping.
I do believe in ghosts.
Let's go out to eat.
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
Not all birds can fly.
Tom is a tax inspector.
What did you make?
If you pass the exam, how about we go to the bar to drink beer?
Have you listened to this song?
I will go to the market.
Luckily she did not die.
I don't need a flu shot.
We didn't stay home yesterday.
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
Since you're going to the supermarket, buy some eggs while you're there.
I had a strange dream last night.
Sorry, I just wanted to drive you away.
You look like a monkey.
I aimed at a sparrow, but shot down a goose.
The barber gave him a haircut.
I finished buying a dozen eggs.
Tell me why she's crying.
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday.
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
She asked me for help.
What time do you get up?
I'm going upstairs.
It was not you who ate the cake I made, it was your sister.
I was out of town on vacation.
I love watching soccer games.
Fish abound in this lake.
They had to stay at home all day.
The young man saved the girl from a bunch of hoodlums.
She must have been sick.
I learned nothing at school.
The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
Let's not mistake precision for accuracy.
I suspect he's coming.
Please attach a certificate of quality.
I cannot forget Taninna's face.
Yesterday I wrote to Ellen.
Tom has been listening.
How much longer will it take?
She needs a coat.
I don't know what will happen next year.
He is taking a walk.
Do you have any pencils?
You have to start somewhere.
Hang on. The ambulance will get here in just a little bit.
How many cats are there in this house?
Can money buy happiness?
I'd like to sleep a little bit longer.
Is the post office still closed?
What is the capital of Holland?
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful.
She is absent because of sickness.
What do we tell him?
I have no time to read.
Delete his name from the list of the applicants.
Here's my luggage.
She gave her father a tie.
I wish that I had a lot of money.
He died at the age of 54.
This is a picture I took last week.
In the late 20th century, Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States.
Viewed from a distance, the island looked like a cloud.
I travelled around Europe.
Europeans tried to civilise the tribe.
More money for education will spur economic growth.
Tomorrow is my day off.
Everything is bad.
My father does not eat much fruit.
Read on.
There's a lot of noise here.
We went to Boston.
Why are you home?
He loves her.
Economic development has brought other social problems.
We're all monkeys.
This medicine has a strong effect.
Kyoto is worth visiting.
The black cat is eating the white mouse.
Poor cat.
Allow me to introduce myself.
What have you been doing recently?
All sold out!
I am eating up everything!
Goodnight!
I have low blood pressure.
I caught my finger in the door.
Tom said that Mary is in the hospital.
I cut a branch from the tree.
Because it had been raining for a couple of days, the pitch was muddy and difficult to play on.
We would like you to come to our party.
Is the power cord plugged into a power outlet?
An earthquake, 8.9 on the Richter scale, hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami.
In the near future, we may have a big earthquake in Japan.
I opened one eye.
Audio in Tatoeba sentences are provided by Shtooka.
Sing a song with me.
This story was written by my friend.
That just doesn't make sense to me.
I wish I were in Paris now.
She doesn't drink coffee.
I'm very interested in these stories.
She can't cook well.
Will he be able to come tomorrow?
As I entered the room, they applauded.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
This year is 2011.
What's the average height of the players?
Lucy likes playing tennis.
Yield to the birds.
I feel that I am a burden to everyone, that no one will ever love me.
A woman fell from a ship into the sea.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
I'm going to write a sentence in German.
I turned off the light.
Try to avoid overdoing it.
He is much older than Ken.
I was born in Baoshan District.
Is it OK to take pictures here?
We will become happy in the long run.
I got the money back from him.
All of us went to the theater to see a play.
I don't like movies.
We don't have any other choice.
Apples were served as the dessert.
Others say it may even be beneficial.
I'm pretty tall.
I relax while listening to classical music.
You are taller than she is.
The evening sun is sinking in the west.
Being challenged in life is inevitable, being defeated is optional.
She's used to going to the museum on Sundays.
When did your father come home?
That's quite meaningless.
We have breakfast at seven.
My mother's father is my maternal grandfather.
Go home quickly.
In his house at R'lyeh, dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
You must pay attention to him.
We had to go there together.
Mary is kind of weird, isn't she?
He made the most of his opportunity.
I want something hot to drink.
Mary has already done everything we asked her to do.
Your back door was open.
I intend to study abroad in America next year.
We are flying above the clouds.
How late did you stay at the party last night?
"Mum, I'm going out." "Where to?" "University?" "Isn't it spring break now? What are you going there for?" "A club?" "Looking that smart?" "It's all right isn't it? It shouldn't matter where I go." "Fine, but you've got bed hair at the back." "Seriously?"
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
He got mad at me for calling him Shorty.
Be careful. He's not an easy one to swindle.
The man blushed.
He held a ball.
He had to clean his room.
Does your school have a library?
How do you write your last name?
I looked after him for a period of time.
I lost my key.
Mary had become so frail and gaunt that it seemed she already had one foot in the grave.
It was cloudy that night.
I'll stay here till you get back.
White carpets are very hard to keep clean.
I went swimming in the river.
Do you know what PKO stands for?
The floor in this area needs to be redone.
I'm going to change my shirt.
God doesn't exist.
World War I began in the year 1914.
Don't act so surprised!
We have to put off the game till next Sunday.
She went to the movies by herself.
In the documentary, CNN explores how the royal family has supported their latest member as she finds her feet.
How did you get there?
They are going off by plane tomorrow.
No matter what grand and lofty reason you have, it's not right to do this.
No smoke without fire.
I can't let you give me your last ten dollars.
Dinner is probably ready, so we had better hurry home.
I'm too petrified to speak.
We were moved to tears.
You never told me you could speak French.
I'll write or phone you next week.
Listen...
You're not supposed to be here now.
I didn't like beer at that time.
I like to take a walk after meals.
Which Houston Rockets jersey looks the nicest?
I want to live in Tampa.
It's not possible to study with so much noise!
Why aren't you eating vegetables?
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
A true scientist would not think like that.
Miss Thomas teaches us history.
It is cold there even in summer.
Do you travel to Munich often?
Do you know the concert schedule of London Symphony Orchestra?
The boy came home.
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
He rejected her advances.
The telephone was invented by Bell.
Noise pollution could be avoided if only people were more sensitive to the environment.
In just a moment, it seemed like everything stopped.
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.
I believe that it's my duty to protect these children.
Please knock before entering.
I'm extremely grateful to you.
It seemed to be cheap.
Where would you like to go next?
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.
I know New York like the back of my hand.
Could you show me this bag?
Don't speak!
So friendly was his letter that she was deeply moved and began to cry.
First Contact became humanity's salvation as it was at the brink of self-destruction.
Happy International Women's Day!
May I ask you a question?
We knew no one.
I can help you, too.
You've got a visitor.
Let's find something to sit on.
A man whose wife is dead is called a widower.
When did you move to Berlin?
She asked me a question.
Did you pass your exams?
That was a valuable experience.
Does anyone want coffee?
Tom is truly very bright.
It's five o' clock. If you quickly post your letter, it still might make it in time.
Please mail this letter for me.
She was busy with household work.
I am staying with my uncle in Tokyo.
No one could predict the outcome of this cooperation.
Are you guys free this afternoon?
I'm going out with Lisa tonight.
Tom failed.
A relationship between blood group and personality has not been scientifically proven.
Will you have another slice of pie?
I'd like to reserve a table for two.
Mom likes to eat fish-head.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
He is a person who never cuts corners.
You were supposed to tell Tom that.
You don't need to answer that letter.
When did the error occur?
The company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
Sami can't admit to what he has done.
“One dollar store” is my favorite store.
I prefer not to talk about it.
We made friends with them.
Did Tom use to be a teacher?
You may sit wherever you like.
I'm studying computer science.
They never give up.
Where's Tom's stuff?
Mary is not poor. On the contrary, she is quite rich.
I dare say he is right.
He had, I thought, no right to do that.
Do you know anyone who's been to Australia?
In spite of the heavy rain, he visited his friend in the hospital.
Remind me again what we've been discussing up to now?
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
The stars are shining very brightly in the sky tonight.
The picture is hanging on the wall.
I've been waiting for you since two o'clock.
What do you usually do on Sundays?
My father is interested in ancient history.
Don't let the dog come in.
Teacher Wang is drinking the Longjing tea (he) brought from China.
Everybody did that.
In the summer, we're used to going swimming in the river.
I have a ball-point pen, but I want another.
He was somewhat excited.
You need to consider the consequences before making any modifications to existing code.
My dream has come true.
The progress of science has brought about great change in our lives.
Mary hurt herself this morning.
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.
She's good at getting around rules.
Write the alphabet in capitals.
I ate that apple.
I really shouldn't stay any longer.
Where are you right now?
Why do you want to study abroad?
Every student was asked one question.
I clapped my hands.
Idiot! She's not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven't you figured it out yet? She's just a gold digger.
There's no possibility of his coming.
This coat is rainproof.
Could you say that again?
Are you a reporter?
He said he wanted to come to me.
Please.
This makes me happy.
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.
I could swear there's something inside this box.
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.
I recorded our conversation.
Was last month November?
He failed in his attempt to swim across the river.
He is used to getting up early.
I'm leaving next week.
They are much taller than us.
I certainly wouldn't want to be seen with Tom.
How many sisters do you have? How many brothers?
Alrighty kids! So for this art project, all of you guys will split into groups of 3 - 5 people.
Tom and Mary are in no hurry to do that.
I feel a lot better today.
I have a friend who works for NASA.
There was no point in arguing with him at this point.
There's just a little milk left in the bottle.
It's quiet in the suburbs...
He thought he had the upper hand, but I turned the tables on him.
She was promoted.
The dolphin and trainer communicated much better than we expected.
What did she buy at the shop?
I will lend you this dictionary.
We must intervene.
He's three years older than me.
Russell was a brilliant philosopher, but even the simplest practical task was quite beyond him.
Tom had no reason to be angry.
He was very angry with me when I forgot the appointment.
The warnings were ignored.
We know him to be a brave man.
I was shy.
Corporate earnings in the first quarter improved sharply.
He cannot speak English, neither can he speak French.
Who wrote this story?
I was very confused by his questions.
What the hell are you going to do with it?
I still don't care.
I want to buy a new car.
What's your favorite home-cooked food?
I didn't expect that result.
Tom watched Mary draw a picture.
What did you have this evening?
They're sleeping.
You've got to learn to hold your tongue.
What language is spoken in Mexico?
We have overlooked this important fact.
I'll go by taxi.
Not many customers come to this restaurant in the afternoon.
A magnificent idea materialized in front of him.
Chrysanthemums smell sweet.
Divide the pizza in three.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
Don't sleep here. Go sleep inside.
He's swimming now.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
The policeman arrested the thief.
My brother named his cat Hanako.
Are they friends?
She turned eighty-one.
Help us, Tom.
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
Tom seems nice.
The road starts to suddenly rise from here.
He did not come back until nine o'clock.
I'm fine too.
Gold's heavier than iron.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
They are Russian.
Whose book is this on the desk?
I work every day except for Sundays.
I was burnt by the iron.
I do very much. Thank you.
Tom threw in the towel.
What helps cure a cough?
Tom wasn't finished yet.
Bye-bye!
They're typical young people.
I'm so proud of my boys.
To be honest, I've never heard of this place before.
I felt somebody pat me on the shoulder.
By the way, I have something to tell you.
Use your imagination.
Tom is not a lazy boy. As a matter of fact, he works hard.
I know him.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
Looks like its gonna be a long old day.
My brother won't be at home tomorrow.
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.
I haven't finished breakfast yet.
I've already finished the job.
Please criticise as much as possible.
I was afraid I might get fired.
She said she's healthy.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
The entire world desires peace.
You're in big trouble.
Move quietly.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Do they know how Tom is doing?
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
The coffee machine isn't working.
I gave him sweets.
It is too dark to see clearly.
Is there anyone else who can answer?
I do not have an account in these forums.
Do you have a lot of money with you?
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
Don't walk home alone.
She's a fan of Italian opera.
No, I am English.
Lay down all arms.
Don't, under any circumstances, play poker with Tom.
He sought shelter from the rain.
She takes care of my children.
We hurried to the airport only to miss the plane.
The huge explosion killed six people.
Can you play the guitar?
School will start next Monday.
Tom admitted he had killed Mary.
I don't give a damn about my CV.
Are you gay?
Tom is not Trump.
This village isn't big, but it's quite lively.
I yearn for the university.
Can you make yourself understood in English?
I can't do it either.
My father takes a walk every day.
The dog walked across the street.
I want you to leave now.
I attached my signature to the document.
I'm eating a raspberry.
Tom cut himself with his knife yesterday.
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.
As you sow, so will you reap.
You'd better wear a sweater under your jacket.
You are truly very strong.
I know you're richer than I am.
I would like to move to Australia.
Kenji is a good speaker of English.
Visiting all the tourist sights really wore me out.
She shut herself up in her room.
How are you, Tom?
Happy to see you.
It's the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen.
How odd!
He is as talkative as ever.
If you buy me an ice cream, I'll give you a kiss.
How many bus stations are there in this city?
I will be at home for the whole of tomorrow.
Tom learned how to do that from his grandfather.
How horrible!
Turn right at the next corner.
We live in New York.
You should be able to manage it.
I like the way she laughs at my jokes.
She bit into the apple.
You are free to go home.
You look the way your father did thirty years ago.
I baked some apple pies.
You can stay here till the snow stops.
The programme is over.
Everyone was drunk, except me.
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.
Where are you guys from?
I'll never forget your kindness.
Tom died.
The fridge is overloaded with condiments.
He was late for the 7:30 bus.
Goodnight.
You can use the hotel's swimming pool.
The project is ongoing.
Portugal and Spain are neighbors.
The twenty-first century begins in 2001.
I bet Uncle Alfred'll come back.
I ain't no quitter.
His room was in disorder.
Why did you buy travel insurance?
I'm a little confused.
My sister and I went to the castle.
Tell my young friend a beautiful story.
We regret his death.
You really are an idiot. You're so stupid!
This work is beyond me.
I'm afraid I can't help you. You must ask someone else.
I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
What did he ask you?
Shut up.
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.
I'm left handed.
Mary said she wouldn't do that today.
It doesn't start until eight thirty.
Tom and Mary vowed they'd never do it.
I will sue you.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
The balloon was caught in the tree.
I'd like to talk with you privately.
He was sleeping under the tree.
Give me the book back once you've finished reading it.
There were cars burning, people dying, and nobody could help them.
Tom knew that Mary would do that.
The king lives in the castle.
Water is liquid. When it freezes, it becomes solid.
Today I haven't dealt with the things I wanted to deal with; I'll have to work overtime again.
I'm not as strong as I used to be.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
How dare you speak like that to me?
I'm wearing my shoes.
I once worked in a restaurant.
Sami got drunk very fast.
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
It's very hot here in the summer.
Ignorance is bliss.
I am accustomed to working hard.
I'm getting undressed.
It's a rainy day, so we can't play outside.
Maybe I'm just a fool.
He has a sharp tongue.
May I ask, can I open a bank account?
We climbed Mt. Fuji last summer.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Can plants talk?
How tall do most palm trees grow?
She wouldn't let us help her.
It rains a lot during June and July.
Do you want fruit juice?
History repeats itself.
The pond was encircled with trees.
A magazine can tell more about a story than a newspaper.
We can't give up.
He was scared when the monkey jumped at him.
I don't have a washing machine at home, and so I have to go to the washing room in order to do the laundry.
I'm from Singapore.
Don't be afraid to make mistakes when you speak English.
He seldom writes to his father.
What's today's dinner?
I'm leaving for Chicago next week.
I take a bath every morning.
I own a horse.
We gave the car a push.
I don't know where he comes from.
Who was it that read my diary while I was out?
Let me go to the store.
My father doesn't drink too much sake.
I slapped his face.
Canada borders Alaska.
I'm in a bad mood today.
He is still green in business.
What's your favorite game to play with friends?
Please help yourself to the cake.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
It has been ten years since he died.
Take it slowly.
Tom is still upset.
No, Charlie is in Spain. Daniel and his mother are in England.
Let's talk it over one more time.
The Emperor's Birthday fell on Sunday.
He wrote a book on China.
I'm concerned about Tom.
Tom knows that I used to live in Boston.
All the flowers in the garden withered.
I think I lost my keys.
Marc regrets his mistake.
The post office is down the street.
Prove you're not a coward.
I bought a dozen pencils today.
They are reading a book.
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
I think we should wait a little longer.
Take a breath and hold it.
I didn't know the cost of living was so high in Australia.
The football game is now on the air.
We need money.
Tom knows that I don't like him.
Don't worry, be happy!
The sheet is on the bed.
Two men are trying to figure out what's wrong with the car.
Is she equal to a long journey?
Who gave you this?
He grasped the rope with two hands.
It is easy to talk.
They speak English and French in Canada.
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.
How many people know about us?
He has written lots of books about his experience abroad.
You'd better not go out today.
Quit while you're ahead.
I paid two thousand yen for the book.
I don't like Google Translate either, but I always use it for reference.
I saw an old friend of mine.
That's terrible.
Maria is the blonde one.
I don't know what you are trying to say, but I like it.
The tire leaks air.
I always catch colds in the winter.
This boy slept for eight hours.
Do you like oranges?
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
Aren't you tired?
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
He wrote a lot of books on China.
He asked for a drink of water.
He has two sisters.
I plan on buying a new umbrella.
I'm the one who has to do this.
Your wife is mad at you.
On Mondays, he's always at home.
She's taller than her mother.
The war in Europe was carried into Africa.
Unfortunately, my neighbor was involved in a traffic accident, and is currently in a coma.
This is the real world.
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?
Tom must've thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
The police didn't find any clues.
I went to his place straight away.
Bill has a lot of friends.
I have to repair the refrigerator.
What does this Esperanto sentence mean?
How about playing tennis?
Tom won't even talk to me now.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you.
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
Are you not going to help me?
The law is still in effect.
My brother is now in Australia.
When Mary was spoken to by a stranger, she was at a loss for words.
My hobby is taking pictures of wild flowers.
Our conclusion is based on previous studies of the problem.
The leaves will turn red in two or three weeks.
That's avoidable.
Welcome to Tatoeba.
She held on to my hand tightly.
The police held him in custody.
You can't touch it!
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.
When did you start studying English?
She recovered from her long illness.
This car is going to break down.
This can't be real.
From the moment that I met her, I hated her.
Oh! Show it to me please.
Aoi dances.
Don't ask Tom any questions about his job.
There was a large harvest of peaches last year.
Will you go out tomorrow?
If I were you, I'd ignore it.
What's your favorite breakfast food?
She left her son a lot of money.
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
The assistant kept $2.
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
Let me stop you right there. We don't want to hear about that.
What's the tallest mountain in Europe?
Esperanto has its own anthem.
He has a white cat.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
He has a sharp mind.
I've nowhere to sleep tonight.
Hasn't Tom told you anything?
Should the United Kingdom remain a member of the European Union or leave the European Union?
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
Where's the cat?
He opposes racism.
Barbecuing is forbidden here.
The street is paved with asphalt.
Could you put it in plain language?
The weather is a bit warmer today.
The weather here has its own unique characteristics.
I am vegan.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to wait so long.
Get off the lawn!
Come out from under the table!
I cannot lie to you.
This is just what I wanted.
You should go to see a doctor.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
Tom is in the living room with Mary.
You can only come to China if you’ve got a visa.
He became a meme.
He is using a fishing net to fish.
I am not a libertarian.
Let's start the translation!
I don't need anyone.
I am to blame for it.
I felt like crying.
I didn't show anyone those pictures.
Don't talk to me!
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
Yesterday I became a god, but found that a bit boring, so today I became a devil.
You two are the nucleus of the team.
Industrialization often goes hand in hand with pollution.
These birds don't migrate.
I'm really hungry.
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
She cannot have told a lie.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pyjamas.
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take?
Tom is drinking some water.
We are classmates.
He rented his house for 20 years.
I have to study mathematics.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
His martial arts prowess has already reached a level of sublime perfection.
She is living in London.
He doesn't have a mobile phone.
You do not care about me at all.
I don't mind if it's a little cold.
I am going to bed.
By lack of attention, she hit the post with her car.
I'm not interested in modern art.
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity.
Forgiving others is a kind deed to yourself.
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.
How much are carrots?
I cannot do this.
Do you like French wines?
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
He looks like a clever boy.
What do you think would happen if the earth stopped spinning?
Give me back the remote!
What's your favorite programming language?
You are our only hope.
I feel like this is not going to end well.
You'll have to start at once.
Tokyo is the most expensive town in the world.
What we need is help.
More than half of the residents are opposed to the plan.
Doesn't his answer surprise you?
I don't want to go if you don't go with me.
I don't know whether he's younger or older than me.
Stop staring.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
What do you think of this movie?
Even though he has a lot of money, he's not happy.
The new clothes are very comfortable.
There hasn't been a drop of rain in two weeks.
I've never played soccer before.
The visitor sat across from me.
This bike belongs to my little brother.
I will fight to the last breath.
Let's decide by coin toss.
He applied himself to his study.
I've known him for ten years.
In the United States, the major stock market indices at one point were down three percentage points on Monday, as investors rushed to safe havens, including gold and U.S. Treasury bonds.
The problem is that the money is not of such importance as the time.
He was brought up in Australia.
My car was stolen last night.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
I'm almost 180 centimeters tall.
As far as I'm concerned, this coffee is too strong.
I washed my hands.
What's Ken doing now?
Do you know anything about Tom's parents?
Tom is Greek.
Many Chinese people make good guests, especially those from rural areas.
The meeting will be held tomorrow.
The hunter chases the rabbit in the fields.
They went to America last month.
She fell in love with her boyfriend's older brother.
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.
Although I haven't slept on the train.
The only difference between an awful cook and a poisoner is the intention.
Why am I telling you all this?
In French, the subject is rarely omitted.
Tom has been here since 2013.
He wound a bandage around the wound.
How do you feel now?
Mary makes more money than her husband.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent.
She is married to an American.
Who do you think made the mistake?
Yiddish isn't German.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
How old are they?
Did Tom respond?
The house I bought is pretty far from downtown.
Hello, Groningen!
Everyone knows that I don't like Tom.
According to custom, the bride should be compliant.
They enjoyed themselves at the party.
I admit that I was careless.
Our city has trams.
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we'll have a picnic.
It was Mike that telephoned the police.
When will you come home?
What's wrong with my plan?
I'm almost out of maxi pads. Can you buy me two packs this afternoon?
I was shocked by the dog that sprang out of the darkness.
I want to ride a horse.
He slept well last night.
May I have some more coffee?
I love you, but you don't know everything.
Paris is one of the largest cities in the world.
In Japan there are a lot of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for example.
Social conditions are going backward rather than forward.
An ounce of wit that is bought is worse a pound that is taught.
Not everyone will love you.
Tom forgot to bring his camera.
That was the first time that I'd seen Tom so angry.
Hanoi is the capital city of Vietnam.
My eyes are an ocean in which my dreams are reflected.
Are we done?
We went out for a walk after dinner.
We have a cat. We are all fond of it.
She and I were in the same class in middle school.
Mary doesn't read any English-language books.
In India, cows are sacred animals.
Tom can't remember anything.
I like taking walks in the woods.
What anime do you recommend?
I don't think that any more students want to come.
Tom is an important person.
My boyfriend is a journalist.
Tom told me that he thought he was going to die in prison.
I wash my face every morning.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
I wish he were here now.
Thank you very much for your gift.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
The bridge will be completed by the end of this year.
All of my attempts have failed.
I went to see a show today.
We broadcast news on the hour.
This poem was written last night.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
Bob usually goes to bed at ten.
Is this the key you are looking for?
I've got lost in the forest.
So you give up, right?
All right, see you at the station on Sunday.
She thought I was a doctor.
Maria is spending a lot of money on clothes.
A country is a dangerous machine.
We're all liable to make mistakes.
He is tall and handsome.
Why does the US government let people have guns?
Failure is the mother of success.
Do you want to play volleyball?
He didn't agree to my proposal.
Mt. Fuji as seen from Suruga Bay is beautiful.
I have two cats.
I need a new toothbrush.
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
What are you eating?
Does Tom want me to help him?
I haven't discussed that with Tom.
I don't know where he went.
What they told you is the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
To tell you the truth, I'm feeling lonely.
When have you ever done anything for me?
My house is by the sea.
Mist hung over the fields and footpaths.
She is my best friend.
I think your basic theory is wrong.
It's like water on a duck's back.
We have five English lessons a week.
The lemon is yellow.
I told her not to let go of the rope, but she did.
This is my I.D. card.
Tom took the clock apart.
I have to go to the bank.
I go to bed late at night.
He is no more foolish than you are.
A lot of people came today.
She likes oranges.
Why isn't anyone visiting my website?
I never say what is not true.
I'd like to pay in cash.
He notified the police of the traffic accident.
If you don’t do more exercise, you’ll be unhealthy.
Tom was excited to go to the concert.
Tell a story after dinner.
Let me cut the carrots.
Keep trying.
You'll get used to it soon.
A cup of coffee cost 200 yen in those days.
They all did it.
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.
Wow! It's been a long time.
Tom decided to stay in Australia.
Did anybody ask you to come here?
We're leaving early tomorrow morning.
She stood in front of the mirror.
Tom said something that I didn't understand.
This is the reason why I came here.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
Tom put the large picnic basket on the passenger seat next to him.
The air is very good in Beijing today.
She used to work for our company.
Spell your name, please.
You and I are both students at this school.
These shoes are too tight. They hurt.
I met her at the church.
I'm planning to leave for Europe next week.
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.
Why did you go to the station?
You've got something stuck in your teeth.
What is the difference between A and B?
May I call at around 2:30?
That might not have happened.
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.
Let me sleep for ten more minutes.
I stepped on something weird.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
Will you dance with me?
I'd like a receipt, please.
You shouldn't have gone there.
The leaves on the tree have turned red.
My tummy hurts.
Please be careful not to get hurt.
The mayor denied having taken a bribe.
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.
If we don't hurry, we'll be late.
Soon learnt, soon forgotten.
Where is your father's bookshop?
How many different kinds of pizzas are on the menu?
There is a cat under the bed.
Tom came up with an answer to our problem.
The assistant took the money.
I thought that we could win.
I found it easy to speak English.
I must have forgotten my umbrella, but it's too late now.
Didn't you lock up your car?
Your body was always very healthy; why are you suddenly in the hospital?
She forgot to write him.
It is believed that whales have their own language.
Tom is in the hospital waiting room.
He confused us.
What are the chances we'll have a white Christmas?
It's really dark here. I can't see anything.
The teacher demonstrated the idea with an experiment.
I've troubled you!
For what purpose?
About one third of the earth's surface is land.
Tom and Mary both died.
My surname is Ling.
We are going skiing in the Alps.
Why don't the police arrest Tom?
He's popular with the students.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
Put your guns down.
My house is five blocks away.
She woke him up.
Dog food is expensive.
Do you have this new book?
He is smart.
You'll ask them, won't you?
The writer is very humorous.
If I knew it, I would tell it to you.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Tell her what you want.
That did occur to me.
I will live.
Let's try and swim against the current.
Everyone knows that Bell invented the telephone.
He will come this afternoon.
The ceremony began with his speech.
I heard Jill play the piano.
Wait for me downstairs.
He did pioneering work in the field of physical geography.
One day in July, we went to the sea.
The town developed into the center of the economy.
This is a book about stars.
It is a pity that you can't join us.
That river is 300 kilometers long.
This one won't.
They always go skiing in winter.
Actions are successfully achieved with deliberation but ruined by carelessness.
Please hide the blueberry jam where Takako can't see it.
I do all the work.
Tom is a pescatarian.
That is Xiaoli's book.
You shouldn't go.
Please take off your coat.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang's health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
She introduced me to him at the party.
He is our teacher of English.
I don't know what I don't know.
No matter where you go in Holland, you'll see windmills.
To what extent can he be trusted?
There's no time to tell you everything you need to know.
He put away his toys.
Does Tom already know?
She avoided him like the plague.
They must be Americans.
She lives next door to him.
How do you eat this?
She waved her arms.
It isn't spring yet.
In spite of everything, I think it's not bad.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
Our train arrived on time.
He gets tired easily.
Let's keep in touch.
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo.
Huh?
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.
We'll think about it in due time.
It's about time we went to bed.
I have known Taro for ten years.
He was the first to come.
We're spending the night at my uncle's house.
He came in with his eyes shining.
You have your right sock on wrong side out.
My dad doesn't like soccer.
The baby seemed to be fast asleep.
Immediately after it caught fire, the chemical factory blew up.
The notebook is not yours. It's his.
Tom wasn't injured.
I hope to become a singer.
She gave me a book for Christmas.
Bush followed Reagan as president.
I have been studying Korean for 1 year.
He went to New York by airplane.
He was soaking wet from head to toe.
Tom isn't going to apologize.
This seat's free.
Walk straight, right?
We have enough time to catch the train.
A crowd gathered on this street.
I felt comfortable.
Tom got fatter.
Did you take it?
Do you want something to eat?
Creationism is pseudoscience.
Who wrote it?
Do you have time this morning?
He is wearing gloves.
I am still keeping up my tennis craze.
Your English is too good to be in this class.
We're thoroughly prepared for the Y2K bug.
Coming events cast their shadows before them.
Go back to doing your work.
I was kicked in the back.
Are you a practicing physician?
I just got another leg cramp and it hurts like hell.
Don't take my jokes seriously.
I bought two bags of popcorn.
His uncle died five years ago.
You are not at all wrong.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
How long have you been alienated from your family?
Sami can't move anymore.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
This table is made of wood.
Tell Tom I'll be there in a minute.
What a disagreeable fellow he is!
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.
Is that your bedroom?
Am I in London?
He would not agree to our proposal.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
You never listen to our advice.
You have to finish this by 2:30.
We should inform them about that.
I want to die.
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.
She died of stomach cancer.
She came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel.
It's raining.
My hobby is playing the piano.
She has just turned twelve.
I arrived in Kobe around two-thirty.
He went to London in 1970.
Today is Wednesday.
My name is Andrea.
He likes to sing and dance.
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.
She is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
I prefer going by foot to bicycling.
It is to your advantage to join us.
I'm looking for a job.
She warmed herself by the fire.
The baby seemed to be sleeping a sound sleep.
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.
Tell me how you're feeling.
Tom has lost his mind.
Tell Tom.
His name is not on the list.
I was quite annoyed.
The lesson of history is always that things have been otherwise in different times and places and thus could now be otherwise as well.
Is this all?
It happened that we were in London.
I think Tom is a bit too impatient.
Mathematics is basic to all sciences.
This is a turning point in history.
Flowers bloom.
It is just noon.
My mother opened the door very carefully.
She gave birth to a baby boy.
You can hold my hand.
You do your part and I'll do the rest.
I'm glad that the thief was caught.
This is what we want to know.
Mary may not be as smart as you think she is.
I've been sick.
It was online that I sold the clothes.
I bought a round-trip ticket.
I am very interested in French.
We kept them quiet.
What do you base your theory on?
Please open the bottle.
She had something to talk over with him.
He erased his speech from the tape.
My laptop crashed.
You should drive at a safe speed.
Who's going to clean up tonight?
They don't know anything.
I saw him sawing a tree.
I do my homework after school.
Please enjoy yourself at the dance.
Animals can't distinguish between true and false.
We will go on a picnic tomorrow.
You've never been happy.
What's Tom's blood type?
Do you still like me?
This shop is open from 9am to 6pm.
My brother is two years older than me, but three centimeters shorter.
I am not at home tomorrow.
Don't forget to put out the fire.
My parents aren't home.
She pulled a thorn out of the tyre.
I'm in Spain.
She is a charming woman.
He has only read 10 pages so far, I've already read 60.
The sooner he shuts up, the better.
Which is more important, economic development or environmental protection?
What did you just say?
Come and see me when you have time.
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival, the most important festival for the people of China.
There's a crown here.
Is the rain to blame?
He is in the hospital at present.
How did you know I was with Tom?
I'm very happy to hear about the party.
Does this bus go to the museum?
They live across the river.
For some companies their treatment of their employees or clients at any given time could affect their share prices and so inevitably have a great influence on the company’s success or failure.
Father bought me a pair of gloves.
The car broke down.
He sold all that he owned.
They not only washed off the sweat, dirt and cares of the day in the hot water, but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs.
The party will be held outdoors, weather permitting.
I'm ashamed of myself.
You have to protect your family.
Captains have responsibility for ship and crew.
I need a lot of books.
My son!
He got his meaning across to me.
How many days are there in a week?
He was the first man to float in space.
Ask her when she'll be back.
Where is the most beautiful place in the world?
What are we having for supper?
I can't find fault with him.
I'm innocent.
I got these earrings from my grandmother.
The ships reached port.
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
Will you please help me carry this suitcase?
I never should've let Tom eat so much candy.
The clock does not run.
Look! The car is on fire!
It is going to be cold tonight.
I feed my dog once a day.
I bought this watch at the store.
For how long did the Maya culture flourish?
His girlfriend is Japanese.
We're running out of time.
I admit I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
This is a paradox.
I'm sure Tom wanted to come along.
This chair is plastic.
Hand me that laptop.
Please smile.
He is very popular, so whenever you find yourself in trouble, his friends will be happy to help.
I've been waiting for you for 5 hours.
I should've left earlier.
At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
She told me the matter regarding her teacher.
"I think perfection is ugly", he said. "Somewhere in the things that humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion."
Unfortunately, my father isn't at home.
Ten years have gone by since his death.
I'm sorry I have no pencil to write with.
I need to search for my pen.
For one's health, both work and play are necessary.
You're still smiling.
Could you get a hammer for me from the kitchen please?
We owe you an apology.
Long-sleeved shirts are good for cold weather.
I have never believed him.
He came home very late.
Is something the matter with your car?
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
He kept me waiting all morning.
I've been very busy recently.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
We hurried to the train station.
I went there dozens of times.
I love you Mary!
What happened to them is still a mystery.
I won't allow you to continue your interference in my daughter's life.
Our garden was full of weeds.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Yes, next Tuesday.
You shouldn't have let Tom drive.
Frankly speaking, I actually wanted to stay at home, instead of going out.
She wants to hug him.
Wait a moment.
Good. No absentees.
Push!
I didn't sing.
This is not my key.
Tom is wearing a yellow shirt.
A free-trade agreement between Europe and the United States is currently under negotiation.
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
Thinking about her future, she is unsettled.
Do not bother to come to my home.
Mary is a doctor.
He was anxious to go.
In Hungary they speak Hungarian.
He should have the right to decide for himself.
I thought that we were going to do this together.
I believe you are honest.
She can speak Chinese, but she can't speak Mandarin.
I feel secure with him.
She texted her boyfriend.
Do you know how to operate a computer?
Why do you like Hawaii?
We started driving to Kabylie.
I got up at about six.
I'm at the beach.
I think the storm is coming.
She patted her son on the shoulder.
She kissed him on the cheek.
I studied for a while this morning.
I'm getting more and more gray hair.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
Tom decided to stay.
Tom's parents were both teachers.
Who are you looking for, Tom?
Can I still make it?
He is the most obstinate child I have ever seen.
After decades of civil war, order was restored.
I would never let you down.
This tower commands a full view of the city.
He was busy.
Tom is going to help us.
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon.
How unfortunate!
She was a Brown before her marriage.
I'm on Tom's side.
Will you have time to have lunch with me?
How do I look?
Dad just now went out.
You can speak so many languages!
How much is four times six?
I lead a fast way of living.
Tom wanted to see Mary's room.
I don't want a birthday party.
Be realistic.
The sky looks angry.
What time did you get up this morning?
I want more.
What are you going to do tonight?
Tom is useless!
That discovery was quite accidental.
You should run for mayor.
Without your advice, I would've failed.
She was coming down the stairs.
There is a kindergarten at the other end of the street.
I will not see him any more.
How many languages can you speak?
What do you really want to say?
Einstein enjoyed playing the violin.
Algeria produces cellphones.
Please leave right away.
This is the cheapest shop in town.
The dog came running to me.
She'd be furious if she knew.
See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil.
That's not fair.
Ann won't be coming to our party.
Mary told Tom she had to go home early.
Mary has a flower in her hand.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
If you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to achieve it.
This is a dead-end alley.
This article is nonsense.
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.
I buy flowers.
That changed everything.
Does she like my hat?
Tom repaired his bicycle.
I'd be happy to help you.
He said he had nowhere to go.
Tom likes making paper aeroplanes.
She goes to a girls' high school.
Today I bought a new schoolbag.
Sweden has its own language.
Which is mine?
We've run short of money.
I saw a helicopter flying overhead.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
This soup is too salty to eat.
I've deleted the app.
Shall I put in a few cucumbers?
We've been studying Chinese for two years.
The turtle died.
He won't come here again.
I need to study math.
You can ask him for help.
Norway, located in Northern Europe, is a highly developed country.
I often go to Chongqing to eat sausages.
I get off at the next station.
You yourself belong to this group of people that you're talking about - the one that doesn't speak standard Mandarin well.
Scarabs are insects.
I hear you've already contacted the broker.
I am called Dusanna.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
This region's beekeepers produce honey particularly well.
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.
I am blind in the right eye.
Be patient.
Why do I have to go to school?
She can't make up her mind whether to get a job or to go on to college.
A man came over and asked if I was OK.
I found your letter in the mailbox.
It's very easy to miss this kind of mistake.
Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, was an ophthalmologist.
You've given me good advice.
Say hello to your friends.
That's shit!
The military power of this country is very advanced.
I went to drink a beer with friends.
My father has been dead for ten years.
I know that he went to London.
We do not find interesting books in the country.
Wherever I may go, I will get lost.
Tom was injured in the blast.
Thousands of people lost their jobs.
There is no denying the fact.
Poets write poems.
He is from the United States.
Tom will be scolded by his father.
He didn't believe Ben's words.
I'll get you something nice.
I painted the fence green.
The pirates boarded the ship.
I've had enough of your boasts.
Tom had never used the washing machine before.
I put my suitcase in the trunk.
The cat is sleeping on the sofa.
What did he say?
Few governments can manage the economy successfully.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
It was an interesting debate.
That's the other reason I'm here.
Our teacher comes to school by car.
My uncle gave his car to me.
We've got to go.
Clean up the room.
I thought Tom would buy a new car.
He agrees with my opinion.
I've got a pacemaker.
My brother has lived in England for more than thirty years.
Don't get an upset stomach by eating too much.
I've heard you've been sick.
She became a true friend of mine.
We're sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.
I arrived later than usual.
How does this work?
She goes to aerobics once a week.
Lignite is a fossil fuel.
You should have started by now.
Put the box down.
It's rude to stare at someone.
He seduced her with his didgeridoo.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
His shirt was stained with sauce.
Here is your bag.
Could you pass me the mashed potatoes?
You have to come here tomorrow.
What will this mean for Edinburgh?
Do all of you speak French?
You can call me Bob.
All of a sudden I'm filled with great admiration for you!
My mother is a high school teacher.
Man eats to live, he does not live to eat.
He has a pleasant voice.
This dog is mine.
I bought this book for myself, not for my wife.
I've decided to shave my head.
I don't want to go to school.
I do not think there will be rain tomorrow.
The lake was gleaming in the bright sunshine.
She is pigeon-toed.
He's a little pale.
She suddenly became famous.
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.
I have a black and white speckled dog.
She cooked vegetable soup for us.
It's spring everywhere in the motherland.
I don't like a fat diet.
This line represents the longitude.
You'll understand someday.
Yesterday I ate rice.
I know these students.
With global warming, the amount of ice melting in Antarctica is increasing.
Tom was there physically, but not mentally.
He is not willing to testify for his compatriot.
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
The taxi has arrived.
The dentist checked my teeth.
The world tolerates conceit from those who are successful, but not from anybody else.
Was it Jack that broke the window?
This one is prettier.
I need to set my watch to two minutes faster.
There are lots of people who say that's a lie.
I couldn't hold back my anger.
The only thing I have now are memories.
The bill amounted to 100 dollars.
His age didn't enter into our decision not to employ him.
I warned him about the danger.
We need that money.
You aren't invited.
Would you like some more tea?
He may have been ill.
I felt that the plan was unwise.
We were driven to the wall.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
Different variants of Shanghainese differ greatly with each other.
My sister is older than my brother.
I'll be there rain or shine.
With so many people around he naturally became a bit nervous.
I can't eat anymore.
She decided to resign.
Are you going out with Sachiko?
A love letter from Gray?
His wig is skew.
Do you like plum cake?
We had better sit down here.
You'll catch cold in such thin clothing.
Is that your car?
Shinya married a pretty girl.
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.
This man is like a filthy electronic without a battery.
Welcome. Now that many people have arrived, please take a seat and wait for a while.
I'm at home from six o'clock in the evening to eight o'clock in the morning.
I still have questions.
Who is the man playing the piano?
I had to change my plans.
All of us talk in English.
Tom knew when Mary would be arriving.
He attributes his success to good luck.
It is a basic quality of an employee to complete his tasks within a fixed time.
The guards are sacred and inviolable.
My grandfather is very healthy.
I have an interest in oriental ceramics.
Tom wasn't hurt.
It was cold in the sickbay.
He put on a tie.
Training with them is not a game.
Bill doesn't like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Tom lost his balance and fell.
Don't talk!
I make 100 euros a day.
He is rather hard to please.
I will go to the meeting.
We actually intended to go to the beach tomorrow, but it's expected to rain.
I want you to wear this.
Tom looked like he was unfazed by that.
Sometimes I have to read boring novels.
What is her name?
The tree is green all year round.
Drinking lots of water is good for you, sure, but one can't drink that much water at once.
Is it raining?
She walks.
She thought the plan was fine but impractical.
They decided to fight mano-a-mano.
I was afraid that I'd be late.
I forgot what his name was.
Is your daughter up and about?
How many books are on the shelf?
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
I wake him up at 6 every morning.
In general, children are fond of candy.
Have you and Tom talked about what happened?
Don't put the cart before the horse.
Everyone was in a bad mood.
The cat is waiting for you at home.
I'm sorry I didn't reply to you sooner.
There is no point in pretending to be sick.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
Cats usually hate dogs.
How do you make a box?
I need a doctor!
Limit the consumption of white sugar and salt.
Please help me.
She's Tom's sister.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
We saw many ships in the harbor.
The girl in the picture is smiling.
Kenya used to be a British colony.
I had bought it the week before.
That would be relevant.
Every Jack must have his Jill.
Mary was wearing a navy blue skirt.
This whisky is very strong.
In culture, they are on the same plane as savages.
The children went out to play.
His visits became less frequent as time passed.
I deeply appreciate your advice and kindness.
Ronnie James Dio's death made me very sad.
Do you like to travel?
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
Where did you see her?
Tom does not like cheese.
Tom is good at cooking.
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?
They will insist on her staying there longer.
Tom didn't have enough time to eat lunch.
"What do you do all day?" "I eat."
I don't care what you say, I hate you!
Where can I put the bike?
Press any key.
I'm considering studying in America next year.
We enjoyed singing songs together.
He promised me to come at four.
My father stopped drinking.
You do have choices.
How long can I borrow this book?
We discussed gun control in social studies class.
He left the building at about 6 p.m.
I intend to see the project through.
There's nothing more painful than losing one's child.
I've eaten all the apples.
She's really selfish, isn't she?
Helen Keller was blind, deaf and mute.
He plays the violin very well.
I don't drink water.
Give me a slice of cake too!
Mary and I are in the same class.
My brother is living in San Diego.
Beth was asked by her lazy boyfriend to do his history homework.
Here is a basket full of vegetables.
Come and dance with me.
I hope I'll see you again soon.
He lives by himself in the woods.
Tom can't stay.
I would like to order drinks now.
Tom is an unknown artist.
This book is worth reading again.
I wonder if I can do it again.
She has a bath every morning.
What a splendid dinner!
Send for the doctor at once.
So, what'll you give me?
I don't like big cities.
Everybody will die.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
We had a heavy frost this morning.
These Chinese characters are not too difficult for us.
Could you send me a brochure?
She cried as she read the letter.
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
The cat meowed.
I don't like homework.
We can't talk here.
You don't need to worry.
How about you?
She is sensitive to current fashions.
That isn't my wife.
Mary is the youngest of the three sisters.
I'm a good guy.
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result.
"I never thought Tom would win." "Me neither."
The whole audience erupted in laughter.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
I know why Tom is studying French.
My boyfriend still hasn't been to the Great Wall.
He's just gone on leave.
I'll have to get my parent's permission to go to the dance with you.
Attention. Slow down. Dangerous turn at 200 meters.
He never looks down on poor people.
I suppose I'd better phone Tom.
You can take whichever road you like.
I like to travel.
Do you like your work?
The meeting room is in use now.
Lend me some money if you have any.
All at the same time, the lights went out.
I've been looking for you.
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
She is very happy eating chocolate.
Do you have your student identification card?
I saw Marcus's house.
Say a simple phrase.
Jesus answered them.
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
We mustn't give way to these impudent demands.
Where is the book?
His income was diminished by half after retirement.
He is afraid of the dog.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
I'm a member of the swimming club.
You are really very productive today.
At the end of April, the water of the Yellow River had darkened.
Stay away from me.
She may come.
We soon caught up with them.
It's never too late to make amends.
Sure. Good luck!
The house is cold.
I've been very lucky today.
I think she'll like this book.
Long live free Quebec!
My house faces to the south.
He has gone to Italy to study music.
He was an honest man.
If you have a cold, you should get plenty of rest.
I don't feel well.
She has never been to Hokkaido.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
I love reading books.
Did you ever make a speech in English?
They skip school all the time.
We bought a new washing machine.
He made over the interior of his house.
I speak English every day.
My job is to forgive you, which I do.
The situation is getting worse by the day.
You should've done that by yourselves.
The room was full of smoke.
Strictly speaking, the theory is not correct.
This meal is adequate for three.
Sir, you have left your lighter on the table.
We ran after the cat.
Jesus was born of Mary.
Stick with it and you'll succeed.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
When I opened the door, I found him asleep.
This is a big dog.
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday.
Don't step in the mud.
Why should I learn French?
Speaking of Mary, I have not seen her for a long time.
You can use my dictionary.
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
I'd like to go to France one day.
We will take the train at eight.
I'm having soup.
Have you committed this number to memory?
What is hell like?
Are you able to speak Mandarin?
If it is fine tomorrow, we will play baseball.
When you're about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it's also good for your mind and body.
I usually get up at six.
We rented the apartment.
He is allergic to house dust.
The song reminds me of my home.
There are some misprints, but all in all, it's a good book.
Can't you lower your voice?
In severe weather, it's best to stay indoors.
God died. We killed Him.
I think that Tom is going to be pretty mad when he finds out that the painting he bought is a fake.
Well, what?
They said that they'd do that for us.
I have what you need.
Ah, wonderful.
Akiko has some friends in France.
We have to try to communicate with them.
He looks good for his age.
I was called into the office first, my name being at the head of the list.
He was born in Algeria and raised right here in Skikda.
Who are you talking about?
Tom still works at the same restaurant where Mary works.
How many of you will there be?
Here is a pan without handles.
Just what have you done? Aren't you also my friend?
Traffic is busy here.
No, I am an Englishman.
Tom hid himself under the table.
She doesn't have any real friends.
Tom can keep a secret.
My wallet and passport are missing.
I am fed up with his behaviour.
This is incorrect.
Tom asked me to tell you he didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
He speaks English very well.
Everybody is here.
I coughed up blood.
Do you know Russian?
I'd like an aisle seat, please.
Basketball is very fun to play.
Let's go and swim in the river.
I am very, very sorry.
This bottle of yogurt is lactose-free.
We want natural-sounding translations, not word-for-word direct translations.
Remember to buy mayo.
I love Tatoeba.
It's getting darker and darker.
He began to feel afraid.
He demanded that John should go there.
Bob is my friend.
Tom never wanted to try it.
He is very good at math.
You can't seriously expect that they won't recognize you in that disguise. That lopsided, dime store moustache is a dead giveaway!
The party ended at ten o'clock.
Capitalism is poverty.
Don't forget.
Because my stomach was upset, I took a day off school.
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future.
How much is this?
You're confusing me with somebody else.
Do you really think that I will simply watch you walk into trouble? I'd close my eyes.
Give your passport number and your date of birth.
Mary offered Tom a gift.
Do you know that nice-looking girl?
He thanked me for coming.
Please tell Mary that she's required to do that.
I'm almost never home.
I'm definitely going to give up smoking!
Your friend's very late, isn't he?
It can be used as a knife.
I don't love her.
Why doesn't he come back?
That book is thick, but it's not very expensive.
He only says these things as a joke.
Nobody can understand it.
Is that a common name?
Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, was born in a log cabin in Kentucky.
This is all he has to do.
You'd better leave at once.
Sarcasm?
What is your natural hair colour?
No wonder you're so upset.
I don't need any, thanks.
She dreamed a strange dream.
Have you ever been to Hokkaido?
He really likes music a lot.
Don't miss the train this afternoon!
Moral evil is the result of ignorance.
I can only wonder if this is the same for everyone else.
Can we meet tomorrow morning at nine?
Let's find out who sent this to us.
If I tell him, then it's as good as done. He'll definitely take care of it.
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.
Beavers may be considered as the busiest mammals on Earth.
Both his father and mother are dead.
It was in 1939 that the Second World War broke out.
Tom cut down the tree that was in front of his house.
They're at the bar drinking.
We don't have any ice.
Maria doesn't read English books.
Tom is the one I saw.
I'm playing video games.
Mac knows how to use this computer.
I waited for him till ten.
In opening the door, I broke the lock.
We dug a hole in the ground.
Having missed the train, I had to wait about an hour for the next one.
Who found my bag?
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
I'm an electrician.
Have you brushed your teeth?
Don't forget where you put it.
I'll write you or I'll phone you next week.
Today I came to work by car.
You're not even paying attention.
I can keep in touch when I travel by finding an internet café.
My brother named his cat Huazi.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don't need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
She is going to part from her boyfriend.
You'll soon get accustomed to the work.
Can I have it?
Her book is very interesting.
Tom and Mary are out of danger.
What is oral sex?
She doesn't get outdoors much.
I have no objection to your plan.
I think that Tom and Mary are both drunk.
Oh, what have I done? What have I done?
I can't face this life alone.
They must unite.
According to a study published in 2016, Germany is the best country in the world and Canada is the second best country.
I speak English daily.
How's your mother?
My brother lives in a small village.
Will you go on foot or by bus?
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart.
He denies having broken the window.
Tom came home drunk from a party.
When I'm dead, who will be celebrating?
My girlfriend has gone to Canada.
Grab Tom.
Your head was bursting with new ideas.
We asked Hanako to play the piano.
I can't go any farther.
What time does the game start?
We elected him chairman.
My little brother asked me for money.
I've just arrived at the airport.
I look after my grandfather.
All you have to do is sign your name here.
Wait a minute… I think you should go with them.
She has a dog and six cats.
I've been busy all week.
I was born in Shanghai.
I had a neighbor who was blind.
No comment.
You'll get his letter soon.
Tom may be kissing Mary now.
I play in a band.
He is an Italian.
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
Rome is a city worth visiting.
Tomorrow I'm going to Shanghai.
She is full of potential.
It will be interesting to see whether this weather continues.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
I must leave early tomorrow.
You wake up lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave. A little light filters down from above. You can just make out a couple of openings leading away from the cave. What do you do now?
Clean your room.
He spoke to me in German.
I am not curious.
I'm back.
I have breakfast at seven.
I apologize for yesterday.
What have you done today?
Ann doesn't have a sister.
You're lucky because he didn't bite you.
I think I'm lost.
The unemployment rate went up to 5%.
We're the first to arrive.
I have a horrible headache.
He isn't what he used to be.
One step forward is a step forward for civilization.
My name's Cyril; pleased to meet you!
Drivers should wear seat belts.
Sorry, but I can't hear you very well.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
Tom can't play the piccolo.
I was a doctor.
Is Tom living in Boston?
Excuse me, who is this woman?
I couldn't understand his joke.
I wish that Tom would agree to do that.
This should be easy.
Birds lay eggs.
I think I'd better start now.
I don't drink coffee at all.
Half a loaf is better than none.
Why aren't you coming with us?
They decided to choose him to be president.
On May 18, a young Japanese couple was arrested after their one-year-old baby was found wrapped in a plastic bag and dumped in a gutter.
He compared his car to the new model.
I knocked on the door, but nobody answered.
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence.
Are you sure about that?
Fairies exist only in fairy tales.
How can you guys steal someone else's stuff?
It will be fine tomorrow.
She must have done it yesterday.
Tom and his dad built this.
I'm a good boy.
I saw your brother the other day.
If you want to know, just ask directly.
Tom is asleep. Should I wake him up?
Mary is helping her mother.
China is an emerging market.
It seems like he knows the secret.
It all seems so strange.
The quality of these products is the same.
It looks like she has a lot of friends.
I agree with his suggestion.
I don't understand what you guys are saying.
She trusts him.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
Takoyaki is really quite delicious.
She can do both at the same time.
Have you woken up?
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
Tom has failed.
You really are an idiot.
Tom is indispensable.
Do you want to hear it?
I finished writing the letter by noon.
He changed his idea.
His prestige is fading.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
This is where I was born and brought up.
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.
Today, I have a lot of homework.
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
The body of that man still hasn't been found.
I want you to come back early.
Tom told Mary that he'd be on time.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity. Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
When the sisters came back, their mother was still awake.
They kept on feeling their way.
My maid is amazing.
He is rarely in a good mood.
I'm looking forward to watching the movie with her.
They killed time playing cards.
Tom dyed his hair brown.
Tom loves Canada.
I excited her.
Tom and I go to the same secondary school.
The traffic lights are green.
Tom says he has a plan.
I'm waiting outside.
A hot water bottle is something you must buy to prepare for the winter months.
He endeavored to win the contest.
Do you want to get some lunch?
Cats see better at night.
She wants more.
Are you busy on Sunday afternoon?
Mary tied an apron around her waist and then took the turkey out of the oven.
You're really getting prettier and prettier.
I am telling a good story to my younger friend.
He read English Literature at Oxford University.
Everyone has points of weakness.
I will definitely attend your funeral.
She majors in French literature.
Somebody caught me by the arm.
His modesty is worth respecting.
I played tennis.
Study English every day.
Whether you succeed or not depends on your own efforts.
Tom has been sick in bed for three weeks.
I will be busy tomorrow.
May I talk to Ms. Brown?
He died aged 54.
The policeman was drunk.
Maybe I'll go, and maybe I won't.
I want to go to the hospital to get a complete check-up.
Inside the venue, sounds of clapping, whistling, yelling, laughing blended together.
Congrats!
Tom's gym teacher is Mary's basketball coach.
I am still young.
Bob, help me carry his suitcase to the living room.
He would often come to see us when I was a child.
I think that you'll like it, too.
There is the train at 10 o'clock.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
Maybe Tom did that.
Oh, OK. See you. But drive carefully.
How did such a strange thing come about?
I don't plan to hang out tonight. I need to prepare for my lessons.
Tom doesn't have time.
Tom has a large penis.
Of course I accepted his offer of support.
Get the meaning of a word from its context.
I couldn't get it.
You're holding the book upside-down. This is upside-down and this is right-side up.
I love watching talk shows.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He has a great deal of experience.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don't have any other way to earn money.
Could you please pass me the salt?
That idea's not bad.
It is too late.
I didn't think Tom would be so angry.
She was afraid to cross the road.
Black clouds were passing above the city.
Will you be going home for Christmas?
I've been lied to by Tom for the last time.
You should distinguish between right and wrong.
The city was destroyed by fire.
The image quality is really bad - the resolution is so low.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
He recently found a good job.
I hate my neighbour.
Tom will come back from Boston next Monday.
Do you know where this museum is?
Stop scolding Tom.
Tom's not breathing.
Do you want me to tell Tom?
Don't only look at the dark side.
It's just started to snow.
We should give her some time.
I'm interested in sports.
People today think differently.
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door.
Don't marry. Be happy!
He cannot be ill.
What on earth is the matter?
I'm almost as tall as Tom.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Please go to the bank.
You are my hero.
Can I have another piece of cake?
There are still a lot of things that have to be done.
Are you doing what you think is right?
John Dalton was the creator of the atomic theory.
I don't have any experience.
He hit the wall with his fist.
I am moving next month.
He has never been abroad.
He cannot sing well.
I suddenly feel nostalgic for my homeland.
I will start working on July first.
I can feel it.
This hotel was built last year.
That sounds like a fairly good proposal.
I have a small fever.
Every time I see you, I cannot help but be reminded of your mother.
It's time to hit the sack.
In summer, it's very hot here.
The smell of roses filled the entire room.
NATO can't defend Ukraine.
He gave me a cold.
Which is the tallest mountain in Europe?
Please feel free to ask questions.
It was not long before he knew it.
The train left before they got to the station.
I sometimes break the rules.
Jane may not be at home now.
Tom is used to getting up early.
I like to do oil painting, but I don't intend to make that my lifelong occupation.
The answer leads us to a vicious circle.
Get me a chair, please.
Thousands upon thousands of soldiers and civilians died.
I still have a question.
Mike had his teeth checked last week.
I'd like to call my family.
I saw a UFO.
The hallway needs to be wide enough for a wheelchair.
The writer's furniture is all shown in this museum.
I do not drink coffee.
I did not participate in the dialog.
I cannot bring myself to do such a thing.
The bridge is being repainted.
Does somebody here speak Japanese?
I don't think I can help you very much.
His laziness was a bad omen for the future.
You should pay more attention to his warnings.
We want to go there.
You don't have to kick yourself.
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic.
Are you going to the airport to see your teacher off?
Thank you for your assistance.
I have four people in my family.
The cherry blossoms are at their best.
My mother told us an interesting story.
The Japanese and Chinese pronunciation for kanji is very different, isn't it?
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
Who is your favorite composer?
I have many books.
No matter what your main purpose is in reading, books should never fail to provide contentment and satisfaction.
When I didn't have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
She's Carmen.
By the way, what is your address?
I wash myself.
Lesson Two is easy.
I watched TV for two hours yesterday.
I don't have any money, but I have dreams.
Things are getting out of control.
I have no idea where he has gone.
Tom broke up with Marie.
We need some more coffee.
He went to Sweden by boat.
The policeman commanded them to stop.
Does anybody have a pencil?
Don't tell anyone our plan.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
Where can I get a telephone card?
She is looking for a job, but her standards are too high.
This newspaper is well known in the local area.
Tom doesn't have a driving license.
I'm stronger than you.
These cameras are made in Japan.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
She is a native speaker of French.
Are we going out to eat this afternoon?
Even a child can understand that.
I don't think Tom has any teaching experience.
Did you play baseball yesterday?
Did Tom know what to do?
Turn the TV off.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
Tom doesn't have a lot of money.
She was out when I called.
Mary likes plants.
Tom isn't an elected official.
Seeing as they're poor, they've no choice but to work their hardest.
Do you know this thing?
Move over.
I am not good at mathematics.
You'd better do what they say.
He lives in a small Alpine village in Austria.
I still think about him all the time.
Can't you get by on your salary?
You're not dogs.
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
Do you speak Hebrew?
Draw a line on your paper.
Doctors warn us of a possible danger.
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
She's seventeen years old.
The old man died of cancer.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
There will be a lot of birthday cards sent soon.
I think it was wrong.
Tom was mistaken.
It is hard to convince John.
The people exulted over their good luck.
I got lost in the woods.
Good night!
We're prepared for the worst.
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north-east, about one thousand kilometres from Beijing.
He was allowed to go swimming on condition that he be kept near the other boys.
That event happened 15 years ago.
To win his audience, the speaker resorted to using rhetorical techniques he learned from his communication courses.
Are you single?
I am on the roof now.
Every time I went to his house, he was not at home.
These apples look very fresh.
I want to play the guitar.
We saw Jane swimming across the river.
This process must be stopped immediately, otherwise the server will break down.
Hurry up, we are leaving!
I don't have any change.
They're probably waiting for the traffic police.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
It is easier to get money than to keep it.
Are you free on Tuesday?
Are you going to throw that away?
Look into my eyes.
Shortly before his wedding, he decided not to get married.
Tom is an electrical engineer.
Why should it be different?
I wonder if Tom can help us.
I'd never done it before.
What he said yesterday is not true.
My father bought me a bicycle.
It is said that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play ever written.
I am grateful to them.
Excuse me, but where is the library?
He collapsed on the floor.
It looks like an orange.
I woke up at eleven o'clock.
Can you wait about an hour?
Everybody says that he is a kind soul.
The writer is living in a log cabin.
I don't want to miss the exam.
I can't for the life of me remember her address.
Quite a few people have two cars.
His story can't be false.
My mother was an angel and an inspiration to me.
He thought up an excuse.
I had lunch with him today.
Only one little boy survived the traffic accident.
He reads.
About how many hours does it take to get from here to Australia?
Do you have a friend named Tom?
It is very nice to see you again.
Would you care for some tea?
The meeting lasted two hours.
Having said that, he left with his wife.
Any task may become painful.
I've been wanting to see you.
I want to buy a new camera.
When facing this opportunity, you can't hesitate to take advantage of it.
Please give me an envelope.
And yet, in the "real adult world" there are a lot of competitions.
You are to come here at 9 o'clock tomorrow.
He works eight hours every day.
Tom doesn't let people pet his dog.
Every time I read this book, I discover something new.
Tom is always absent.
Please specify any conditions you have for the use of this information.
"Do you want a T-shirt?" "Yes, I want a red one."
We have a party tomorrow evening.
My brother was injured in the car accident.
I dislike being alone.
Get in touch with your agent right away.
I ache all over.
I know that you did your best.
I'm very well, thank you.
Tom wouldn't really do a thing like that.
We were overjoyed.
I only missed one day of work because of a cold and my desk is piled high with papers.
She asked him for help.
I tried to change the subject.
My ex-husband no longer lives in this city.
Tom is waiting for Mary to return.
They have mutual respect.
Iceland used to belong to Denmark.
I know some of Nancy's friends.
She was almost late for school.
These dresses are too large.
I can't calm down.
I've invited my friends.
Are you on the committee?
Mother Teresa was given the Nobel prize.
I've been awake for a while.
I don't feel like eating out this evening.
There is no clock in my room.
I'm reading.
"I'm Japanese," the boy answered.
Her face lost all color.
She called me many a time.
Tell a beautiful story to my young friend.
If possible, this weekend.
The exchange rates for foreign currency change daily.
What is your date of birth?
I was told I would feel better after this medicine.
The living room furniture was modern in style.
He was more than a king.
Big fish eat little fish.
Writing in a diary is a good habit.
What's your major?
Have you eaten lunch?
Where did you guys go?
Bob entered the house through a window.
He gets up at 8 a.m. every morning.
She's way taller than me.
That's an imitation.
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
The clock stopped.
We've never had this problem before.
We have a great team.
I used to play badminton, but I don't anymore.
I will be back to join you in one month.
Social customs vary from country to country.
For centuries, astronomers believed that the Milky Way made up the entire universe. Hubble was among the first to show that the fuzzy patches in the sky seen through telescopes were other galaxies, not distant parts of the Milky Way.
Try it once more.
They are my brothers.
As I have loved you, love one another.
Nothing in the world is flawless and perfect.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go.
Tom loves horses.
She went to the hospital by taxi.
His watch is ten minutes slow.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
Caesar is not above grammarians.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
That music gets on his nerves.
I was ill yesterday.
Ken painted his bicycle white.
It is important for him to get the job.
Put some salt into the boiling water.
The babies are taken care of by volunteers.
Tom visited Boston last year.
Japanese people like to eat tuna.
Yesterday was Thursday.
Put out the light.
They started in spite of the heavy rain.
This morning I was still sleepy.
He hurried out the door, and accidentally forgot the key at home.
A great number of books are published every year.
This storm is not dangerous. You don't need to worry.
The cat is sitting on the table.
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.
My father aged a lot since last year.
Someone's been here recently.
He likes math, but I don't.
The room originally had no furniture.
Did you complete the work?
Am I hungry!
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
Who invented glass?
Please, weigh these peaches.
I already swiped the card.
The arrow indicates the way to go.
They're eating their apples.
That's a good question.
Tom still hasn't got the courage to tell Mary what he did.
I have a few thoughts.
Sami lives in Jerusalem.
Mary is both intelligent and kind.
I went to see the movies yesterday.
I'm awfully sorry that I was late.
He is drawing a picture.
My father's factory turns out 30,000 cars each month.
Hello, I'm Huan.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
I have an appointment at 3.
She might have been beautiful when she was young.
His dream has come true at last.
What's your favorite drink?
We go to school together.
The conference will end tomorrow.
They don't pay me enough.
The big cities are full of allurements.
This girl is always smiling, but she's not happy.
One can't help many, but many can help one.
This is my mother.
We're from here.
She received a doctor's degree.
I am looking for an assistant.
I'm able to speak.
What the hell are you looking at?
Learning Berber also gives me the chance to meet new people.
He arrived after I had left.
There is a hole in your sock.
It was really special.
I can't get in touch with him.
I didn't know that Tom talked about me like that behind my back.
I can't keep up with you.
I dropped my fountain pen.
The building is one hundred meters high.
I've climbed Mt. Fuji twice.
I'm not as brave as Tom.
He swims better than I do.
No. I apologise, but I need to leave a bit early.
Tom has been lying all along.
Sami and Layla were serving shots.
The tram leaves in 5 minutes.
They'd rather stay.
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?
May I have a talk with you?
Do you want some rice?
Who's your favorite DJ?
My eyes get tired very easily.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren't alive any more.
In general, women live longer than men.
His life is a neverending race against time.
Grab the thief!
We left at 6 o'clock.
If he really liked me, he would call me more often.
Do you use Skype?
Materials will be provided.
Are you certain this is what you want?
I struggle for my family.
Sweets give me headaches.
Tom is a reporter.
You may be right.
School begins on April the tenth.
Today is my birthday.
Tom is growing a mustache.
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
Tom can't work this evening.
I'm going to the bank.
I'm sorry.
Put it on.
I don't like animals.
Teachers nowadays are super into testing. It seems that there's another test today.
I have a lot of Japanese friends.
How to overcome the high value of the yen is a big problem.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
Are you threatening me?
I won't lose!
There are some things that people like to avoid discussing.
She is wearing stockings right now.
It has greatly improved compared with what it was.
They loved her.
I'm studying in the library.
A swallow flies very swiftly.
It's not us.
You don't deserve the salary they're paying you.
Tom ate a slice of pizza.
The first day of the course he bought the textbook which he needed to do his homework.
Appreciate the little things in life - they will bring you to a bigger end target.
I just wanted to speak to Tom.
Mastering English is difficult.
I have already looked up this word in the dictionary.
I nearly left my umbrella on the train.
Never did I expect to see her in such a place.
I like this scene in particular.
His clothes are worn out.
Neither of those two students passed the test.
All humans are equal and independent. No one can damage another's life, health, freedom, and property.
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.
The bus hasn't come yet.
I'm from Bulgaria.
I'd like a nonstop flight to New York.
Speak!
Ubuntu includes lots of software.
He must love you.
The party was a success.
I'm really sorry to make you wait.
Turn right at the first traffic light.
How long did it take Tom to read this book?
The cat sleeps on the chair.
Today is the hottest day this year.
I'm not busy.
'Mr President, do you know the difference between refugees and immigrants?' – 'No. I don't understand that at all. I am a politician, not a scientist.'
There's no doubt: the universe is infinite.
May I have something to drink?
We want a new carpet.
She takes a shower every morning.
Developing political awareness takes time.
This kind of medicine can only be applied externally.
I'll alert Tom.
I think you should leave as soon as you can.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
Today I walked 10 kilometers.
Suddenly he saw me.
My uncles come to see me from time to time.
The rain made the autumn day dismal.
The boy eats bread.
I have to find him.
I have two books.
She's my best friend.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
The United States is a republic.
You should be ashamed of your folly.
I'm still busy.
They have already reached the goal.
He stood outside the window staring at me.
Don't you have any money?
The game will be played rain or shine.
He has more than a thousand books.
Where is Mary?
A good teacher makes good students.
This sentence is grammatically correct.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
He has a lot of money in the bank.
Don't trust him, you guys.
Kumiko is as tall as Tom.
My father went fishing.
In France the first name comes before the last name.
My sleep was disturbed by the sound.
Are you finished with your work?
She likes cooking for her family.
Others are less optimistic.
My front teeth stick out.
Some of the money was stolen.
What is your advice?
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.
I'm opposed to any type of war.
Visiting one of Shanghai's recently developed parks and green spaces is also exciting!
I need to charge my cellphone.
My sleigh is white.
Everybody looks up to Henry.
Why wouldn't you listen to his advice?
He has just published an interesting series of articles.
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind.
The latest entertainment magazine has many Korean influences.
Is this the first time you've seen this movie?
How much was it?
Tom hid under the table.
It is late.
I will never sell my friend down the river for anything in the world.
No, that's not right. You have to set α equal to β.
Tom told me that he'd love to help.
I'm going to America this summer.
Mrs. Harris is very doubtful about her son's future.
They didn't act quickly.
I tried to reach you on the phone, but I was unable to get through.
The questions will not take long, and everything would be kept completely anonymous.
The dog barked softly.
The room is fully furnished.
I don't know what I'm doing.
I'm starting to bleed.
Right now, we have blueberries, blackberries, cherries, strawberries, peaches and nectarines.
However hard you may study, you can't master English in a year or so.
I was not scolding you.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
By 2030, twenty-one percent of its population will be over sixty-five.
Please come into my home.
She is giving the baby a bath.
They went to Tottori.
Tom doesn't have any shoes on.
I've dreamt about you nearly every night this week.
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
This is my computer.
Are those Tom's dogs?
I have never been to the States.
Kill two birds with one stone.
Did they buy it?
I like to drink pumpkin soup.
He often appears on TV.
May I open the window?
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
Squirrels are quick of movement.
What do you call this?
What the hell are you talking about?
Have you been kept here because you didn't do your homework yesterday?
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
Are you ready to proceed?
I'd like to leave this town and never come back.
The actress' skin has makeup on it.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
Tom said he'll ask Mary to do that.
He really has no manners.
There was a car accident yesterday.
I'm Tom's grandfather.
Where does all that confidence come from?
She visits him often, but never stays long.
The moon is the earth's only satellite.
Many students like to study in the morning.
I don't have a bathtub.
I'll get in touch with Tom.
I am the best.
He eats around the clock.
I like being my own boss.
I'm by no means angry with you.
That runs against my principles.
Mary doesn't think they'll allow her to do that.
The weekdays are: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday.
Tom used Mary's phone.
She put the money in the bank.
This is my boat.
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.
Advice is like salt.
Your problem and mine are similar.
I made an abstract of a book.
The company's competitive edge will be eroded if system engineers continue to leave.
She is the victim of this incident.
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories.
What do you like to do in your spare time?
How much is this thing?
Yesterday I had a high fever.
It's almost midnight here.
Tom is in danger.
This is the dilemma.
Be nice to Ann.
My watch needs repairing.
You gave up.
I read about him in the newspaper.
He was framed by his wife.
I hope the economy picks up soon.
I know everybody here.
You don't understand the procedure.
Between you and me, I'm going to quit my present job soon.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
She is getting breakfast ready.
Come in, it's open.
Tom knows my number.
I do not like this song.
You ought to keep your promise.
English is not easy for me.
Keep the window closed.
It's been pouring here for the last few days.
I only wish I had a little more time to finish this.
Previously, Mr Johnson also proposed banning the consumption of alcohol on public transport in the capital, which is believed to have reduced the crime rate on trains and buses.
Slowly his eyes adjusted to the darkness.
She became drowsy after supper.
They'll try again.
Tom and Mary both like Australia.
Where's the bus stop?
I don't remember Tom's older sister's name.
Are you sure you don't want me to say anything?
The parents are responsible for the education of the children.
When does that start?
We can go.
At that time, my mother was younger than I am now.
Young man, enjoy yourself while you are young!
Make it quick.
My best friend now lives in Australia.
You should make better use of your free time.
Indigenous Australians have eaten kangaroos for millennia.
She hung the picture upside down.
Who was in charge of today's party?
You're still too young to get a driver's license.
He has an interesting job, for which he has to work a lot.
I made Tom eat it.
Urumqi is even colder than Kashgar.
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
We won't get paid extra for doing this.
May the new year bring you happiness!
Yiddish isn't Hebrew.
Departure is a partial death but death in essence is not only departure.
I've come here to study Chinese.
Swimming makes your legs strong.
When he finished speaking, everyone was silent.
Stand back!
I'm not guilty of anything.
Do you have a mobile?
We will eat lunch together at 12:30.
Tom is afraid to ride the subway.
I love coffee.
They have a horse.
"Yes, we have met before," said Mr Jordan.
Where did the accident take place?
The explanation Tom gave us was easy to understand.
The people crowded round the injured man, but they made way for the doctor when he reached the scene of the accident.
She's an evil witch.
Bob worked as a clerk in the grocery store on Saturday.
I'm getting along with my mother-in-law very well.
Do you want to eat this?
He writes poems in the early-evening hours.
I had a good opinion of her.
She's Bulgarian.
He denied having stolen the money.
Tom and Mary didn't know where to go.
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
Are you a high school student?
I hope to improve my attitude to work.
Put away your bicycle.
He's popular among his colleagues.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
A honeymoon in Canada is expensive.
I'm your lawyer.
There were few people on the beach.
I hate ticks!
I like strawberry ice cream.
The suspect told a lie to the inspector.
Why don't you go home now?
The policy fluctuated between two opinions.
Let me have a look.
How did you get to know Mary?
There must be some way to solve this.
We helped her.
I don't know why you listen to him.
You live in my heart.
Tim is a lefty.
What is it that you need?
What do you think of Tom's cooking?
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
In case of an emergency, get in touch with my agent right away.
He worked hard for peace for these ten years.
She couldn't stop laughing.
We can't tell which is better.
I will be at home at five.
I don't have my glasses with me.
I'd like to teach you Chinese in exchange for your teaching me another language.
Who's in charge of this section?
The floor must be kept clean.
I found out where to buy fruit cheaply.
Canada is a good place to go if it's your first experience living abroad.
Shoes are sold in pairs.
I want something cold to drink now.
I'm originally from China.
Where's your brother?
That book was interesting.
He bought me a new dictionary.
There are a couple of tables over there where we can talk.
Tom has a high-pitched voice.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
He likes adventures.
Tom taught me French.
When did you go to work?
It is bad manners to point at people.
Where is your house?
They made him sign the contract.
I should put on more clothes.
I am not going anywhere on Sunday.
That's where Tom belongs.
Do you drink?
Please show me those pictures.
This park is pretty big; it has a lot of trees and many flowers.
Tom told me that he was coming back.
Our company is a limited-liability company.
Whether you know him or not, you have to support his opinion.
Playing baseball is a sport, and climbing mountains is a sport, too.
You're the master of your own destiny.
He is an honest person, and he will always be lied to.
Tom apologized for falling asleep in class.
He sometimes visits me.
Joseph can say 'I love you' in five languages.
I love you, Raphael!
He has gone to Hokkaido.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
I don't want to eat again.
She lives in Madrid.
It's already past nine o'clock.
I want to go and see a film.
Tom is unlikely to do that again.
I know she doesn't love her.
I am interested in this story.
Can you practice Japanese with me?
I got up earlier than usual so that I might catch the first train.
New York is a big city.
The family eats breakfast on the balcony.
Tom just got divorced, too.
She worked from morning till night.
Keep your eyes open.
Should one say "thou" or "ye"?
The rumor proved to be true.
I have a spare today.
The lake was frozen.
I don't like eating meat.
He is a fishmonger.
She's smarter than Mary, but she's not as pretty as Mary.
There are lots of benefits from travelling abroad.
Did you buy juice?
You'd better do as the doctor advised you.
Really? You look really young.
It's hard to learn a foreign language.
In addition to being a great statesman, Churchill was a great writer.
My knee aches.
The airplane took off ten minutes ago.
Yamamoto is also a friend of mine.
Would you like a little more salad?
Would you like a window or aisle seat?
Please let me know as soon as it's decided.
Since no one was interested to listen to me, I just kept quiet.
This is the site of a castle.
Tom is clearing the garden.
What's the weight of your suitcase?
To prevent them from being pirated, some of his films were never shown at the cinema.
"Intestinal fat" is a kind of sacrifice.
We spent happy days there all the summer.
She doesn't understand you.
This is the world's longest bridge.
Tom noticed that the door was open.
John and Ann like each other.
I've got time.
Can you imagine walking around on the moon?
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I can't follow your logic.
That wouldn't be a good thing.
I had my car stolen last night.
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.
Can you park the car here?
Is the cat on or under the chair?
I can't feel it.
Most of us have, to some extent, experienced being caught in a cycle like this one: Facing the browser, you hit, like you always do, Ctrl-T to open a new tab, type in the first letter of the website you always visit, and hit "enter"... just to see if anything new has happened.
The exam was two and a half hours long.
How huge that airship is!
Showing your real feelings is not considered a virtue in Japan.
The Netherlands have won the 2010 World Cup.
I think Tom is awake.
I'd like to buy half a cake.
In the discussion the accent was on unemployment.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
My father is an office worker.
Can you count in Italian?
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
Please wait here.
It's raining now.
My grandmother suffers from osteoporosis.
Watch out for falling objects!
Drive cautiously.
Move forward at full speed!
After I watched TV, I went to bed.
A lack of exercise is bad for your health.
We had a lot to drink.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
Stop talking and listen to me.
You should talk. You only got a 65.
The old cottage had only one bed, so we all took turns sleeping in it.
I suggest we go out on Friday.
She comes in.
Don't matter, whichever piece is fine.
I missed the last train.
London, where I live, used to be famous for its fog.
I've got to hang up now. Someone is waiting to use the phone.
I'll be going back to Japan tomorrow.
I was afraid I'd be late.
That writer I mentioned a lot in the past passed away yesterday.
It was a lot of fun.
He's a libertarian.
My house looks toward the sea.
So it seems that cloud of odorless deadly gas had a silver lining after all.
Where's my comb?
Do you meet him often?
We came through a busy street.
Bob writes to me once a month.
I am of the opinion that he will never come back.
Go away from the window.
We cannot see them.
Your glasses fell on the floor.
Speakers of various dialects are in the majority in this region.
I know that Tom is naive.
There are about 6 billion people in the world.
She saw her mother and gave a little smile.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
This road is under repair.
He sleeps by day and works by night.
Shit, where the fuck did I put my home keys?
Bobby may watch TV until 7:00.
You ask me how deep my love is for you? The moon represents my heart.
With the arrival of winter, leaves fall from the trees.
Our house is made up of seven rooms, one of which is a kitchen.
Not wanting to is the reason; not being able to is just an excuse.
He managed to get there in time.
They watched her gradually weaken as the disease progressed.
I'm looking forward to seeing you again.
It can't be!
Are you free right now?
The boy is over there.
I played tennis after school.
I am afraid I must be going now.
They communicate with each other by gesture.
Your password has been changed.
Where can I get a taxi?
Please remind me to post the letter.
That's not standard English pronunciation.
Lucy is a student from America.
I have finished eating.
What did you eat in the morning?
Edison was not a bright student.
This is really delicious.
Would you like anything else?
He traveled around the world.
Just a little bit is enough for me.
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.
Do you think Tom really wanted to do that that way?
He's really drunk.
I am looking for a job.
Would you like some more gravy?
I am positive that he is wrong.
This bird cannot fly.
I know your feelings are hurt.
She was absent from class.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
Her father is Japanese.
There were many people at the concert.
If anyone was to ask what the point of the story is, I really don't know.
He is not the same as before.
I'm very tired from working all day.
What was I about to say?
Do you keep in contact with your high school classmates?
Aren't you a baseball fan?
Tom and Mary came to an understanding.
Sit down anywhere you want.
God knows we did everything we could.
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.
I am here.
Mary didn't want us at her party.
No, I don't speak English.
They made the novel into a drama.
Don't give yourself airs.
Tom and Mary stayed in a fancy hotel.
That meal was simply divine.
Why is Tom nervous?
Standard Chinese is also called Mandarin.
I am already very tired, but I still have a lot of work I need to do.
He prefers the country to the town.
The airport is in Osaka Bay.
We're traveling on a tight budget.
Tom does not know the difference between charcoal and carbon.
The purpose of antitrust law is to stop the abusive influence of the market by big companies.
Thinking about that, I left.
I'm taking off.
Do you know the difference between a microscope and a telescope?
Tom forgot to sign his name.
She was busy doing her homework.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year's Eve in many households.
Mike sings well.
Tom is lying.
I had an awful experience today, so I'm going to have a beer and go straight to bed.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
They will not die.
If you sign up to Facebook, your information will be sent to intelligence agencies.
My back still hurts.
It's tipping it down.
Tom certainly is greedy.
I chose this topic because I think it is interesting.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
I love passion fruit juice.
How long would it take?
I met him by chance on the train this morning.
I hate Tom.
Whose ring is that?
There are times in everyone's life when you want to live alone.
I'm sorry, but it's impossible.
We'll never forget your kindness.
How long has George worked in Rio?
She assigned him to the job.
Don't change your mind.
Tom has written a couple of books.
There was always too much superfluous writing in his essays.
Where do you speak Esperanto?
We didn't know what to do next.
What is the unemployment rate at the moment?
I don't want to sleep.
After I cleaned the window, I could see through it clearly.
Who invented glasses?
Tom hung the calendar on the wall.
I could not eat another bite.
I understand that you feel uneasy, but don't worry.
Happy Easter!
Why do you work?
The man you met at the station is my father.
The antiques my father left when he died turned out to be nothing but worthless junk.
She once proudly stated that she was going to lose 5 kilos of fat in a single month.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't done doing that.
One cannot study in such noise.
You are behind the mountain!
I am eating fried fish.
Since all tasks have been completed without delay, we are ready to start the next phase of development.
I feel that the German language can be very difficult.
I bought the book yesterday.
The Chinese people are exceptionally hardworking.
I have lost my credit card.
Don't argue with an idiot, or else people might not be sure which of you is really the idiot.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
The news made her happy.
Is that love?
I want to live.
I just can't take it anymore.
"Thank you for your help." "It's my pleasure."
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.
I am waiting for the store to open.
Some consider language as a form of knowledge.
I've never been there before.
Soft healers make stinking wounds.
I often catch colds.
I can't find my suitcase.
It looks like Tom has a crush on Mary.
Kaikai is wearing blue clothes to go to the kindergarten.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
I'm looking for a room for rent.
She didn't want to speak to anyone.
I'm here, too.
Photography is prohibited.
Chile is not China.
The man died in a car accident.
I know that you think I'm crazy.
It's really a matter of opinion.
Horses are animals.
I will wait here till he comes.
Did you hear how quickly he speaks?
You should be a diplomat.
It is already nine o'clock.
The child is wearing a belly-slip made of silk.
The mischievous son loved his dad.
I'm surprised you're so naive.
He still hasn't answered my letter.
The law is full of ambiguities.
He stretched his arm.
This is not difficult.
When did you start using computers?
Give the cat some meat.
I don't like novels without heroes.
What time is it in Boston?
Who did you talk to?
Tom was an Olympic swimmer.
Which tooth hurts?
The girl was always following her mother.
Are you a teacher?
Don't tell anybody.
We got all the materials together.
Tom has been expecting Mary.
I will need to think for a while before I answer you.
She doesn't talk.
He is very tall.
Do you have a ticket?
She was so thin.
We believe in Buddhism.
The pressure was tremendous.
I have a reservation for tonight.
My father was born in Matsuyama in 1941.
It isn't necessary for us to attend this lecture.
Green stands for hope.
He died before I arrived.
Because I speak Chinese.
My house is fully insured.
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley.
When was the last time that you watered the garden?
I've never flown in an airplane.
He came back at five.
He likes oranges.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
The old woman knitted her brows.
Come on in.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
Those apples are big.
What colour is your car?
Open your eyes, people!
Why are you angry with me?
John felt like there were ghosts in the dark room.
What's my room number?
I'm writing a paper on the French Revolution.
I remember reading this novel before.
You had better go to the dentist's.
A large or medium-sized one?
Do you speak Hungarian?
I've been looking for my keys all day.
These days it snows quite a lot.
In my view, studying hard is the best way to achieve success.
I'm discussing something with my friends at the moment. Wait a bit and I'll get back to you.
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water.
It's nice meeting you.
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
She saw a better tomorrow.
I don't know if I still have it.
Her parents can't help worrying about her injuries.
I'd rather walk than take a bus.
It was just a joke. Lighten up!
Tom's wrong.
Have you smelled it?
I am praying.
How many pupils are there in your school?
Today, I saw a star.
There were lots of people at the concert.
Why do you go about being cross at people?
Can I serve you?
Unfortunately, you will return to China soon, so I will have nobody to accompany me.
Why should you be so sad?
Without a doubt.
I'm glad I was able to help.
Could you carry my bags for me?
Is that the sweater you bought yesterday?
Kyoto has many universities.
Tom, what would you like to have for dinner?
Thank you for telling me the truth.
What is the capital of the United States?
Tom is an orphan.
The two runners reached the finish line at the same time.
It is necessary to prepare for the worst.
I'm short.
My stomach's full.
Put the carrots in the pot.
That cloud is in the shape of a fish.
Will you go to America next month?
I am going to the shop.
God knows that we did everything we could.
Call me when you are ready to go.
The hand has five fingers: the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, the ring finger, and the pinky.
Do people in your country eat rice?
That's exactly how I feel.
Empty the drawer of its contents.
He had a hungry look.
Choose a suitable satellite image as the base map.
My mother being ill, I stayed home from school.
The president called on the people to unite in fighting poverty and disease.
I don't laugh very often.
When do you know me from?
I don't like what he said.
I wish I had a car.
Do you like to run?
At school I had enjoyed reading Japanese literature in English translation, in particular Soseki's I am a Cat and Kokoro, and Akutagawa's The Nose and Kappa.
Is everybody getting married?
Long time no see.
Is he a friend?
That's thirty meters long.
Where is the coffee shop?
We can't escape.
The explanation is by no means satisfactory.
What do we have to do?
The soldier became a teacher.
Tony's voice is nice.
Come with me!
You have only to ask for it.
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.
I'll try again, thank you.
You'll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
His house is by a river.
Last night I puked.
Is the movie theater near the station?
Let's pay separately today.
She will be seventeen next year.
Look at that koala over there.
My opinion is entirely different from yours.
Tom doesn't care what Mary wants.
Never rely too much upon others.
I woke up with a headache this morning.
We went to the beach last week.
He is still in bed.
Tom often reads when his children aren't at home.
I was fired yesterday.
I thought we had found the perfect hiding place, but the police found us.
Tom is sweeping the sidewalk.
What is the weather like?
Nothing more, thanks.
Tom is coming to my house tonight.
We should take into account she is still young.
I got here earlier than Tom.
I've lost patience with Tom.
You can only drink water from the water dispenser.
Where's your watch?
It is Monday today.
You've never had a girlfriend, have you?
Only an expert can tell them apart.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
I can't put up with his arrogance.
A rainbow has seven colors.
Let's wait until it stops raining.
I love apples.
Bullshit.
Judy looked at me.
I am expecting a letter from her.
You're too old to be doing this kind of thing.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't cry.
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed, Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers.
Can you stay for a while?
Where is my folder?
He could not answer that question.
The lady looked sad, also tired.
I understand how to solve the problem.
What would the world be like without women?
I'm very glad to see you.
Tom owes Mary thirty dollars.
I helped my father wash his car.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
What he says is not necessarily true.
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises.
My house is your house.
Begin.
Danger ahead.
It is raining all the time.
I go to school.
I hope you like the job.
She has been in hospital for a month.
There is a good chance that gasoline prices will go up.
The widow mourned her husband for a long time.
I've found a place to buy cheaper fruits.
Tom is drinking milk.
We know who they are.
Be careful when you pass through the street's busy traffic.
The buildings shook in the earthquake.
Did you know that if you plug a pickle into an electrical outlet, it glows and makes buzzing noises?
You should speak clearer.
I'm as tall as you.
My car isn't red. It's blue.
This is a bird sanctuary.
What does this news augur?
I've not read today's paper yet.
Tom probably wouldn't do something that stupid.
We like to play soccer.
Don't believe everything you say, don't say everything you know, don't do everything you want.
Stay away from this guy.
Could you do it now?
She spends most of her money on her dresses.
Mom is getting dinner ready.
Take the first street to the right.
Ignore Tom and me.
I think he is not home.
Let us think about the worst that could happen.
Before going to bed, I took three pills to stop a cold.
That is wet.
Both Tom and Mary died.
"Where have you been?" "I've been to the barber's."
I didn't need to paint the fence.
The book is on the table.
Tom told me that he would be here by 2:30.
Please sit down!
What you are saying does not make sense.
The stars are too far away.
You think that I'm just talking nonsense, don't you?
The difference is striking.
The child grabbed the cat's tail.
No one will talk.
Over the last hundred years, there have been twenty-seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia.
I bought two tickets for a concert.
He committed suicide by taking poison.
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue.
It was lucky for you that you found it.
I have to go.
As the saying goes, "You reap what you sow", and yet another says that luck plays an important role in success too!
California and Nevada border on each other.
You come from Taipei.
You gain nothing by speaking ill of others.
I hope to retire from work when I'm 60 years old.
I'm not a policeman.
She had been proposed to five times by the time she was twenty.
She didn't even attempt to help him.
Will family or friends come to pick you up?
Do you want to go to bed with me?
I'll leave tonight.
We often hear you sing.
This medicine doesn't have any harmful side effects.
Don't leave the TV on.
Tom has just remodeled his kitchen.
Traffic downtown is all backed up.
You are very courageous.
Tom doesn't respect Mary's opinion.
You can't do anything about that.
This is a really beautiful city!
Mary is very attached to the little girl.
For him, this is a serious enough matter.
Did you have a good time last night?
Her speech was excellent.
I'd like a hotel reservation.
He knows better than to marry her.
There is not a drop of water left.
As a child, he loved to swim.
Are you fond of baseball?
Paper burns easily.
Does he write letters in English?
I don't have enough RAM.
What am I to do next?
The more you earn, the more you spend.
I can't see!
I owe you ten dollars.
What you're saying isn't logical.
Earlier today you guys weren't at the hospital.
We live together.
That is insane.
Fruit that has been left for a long time will shrink.
I admit, at that time I was a little drunk.
I think it's a really good thing.
They're always complaining.
Everyone knew Tom was the one who did it.
You are just a whore.
Her older brother studies very seriously.
She's a bit naive.
I don't know if it's true.
No women like to wear a dress that another discarded. With men, they're not so choosy.
I love life.
In my room, there are no clocks.
He works from nine to five-thirty.
Tom is no dummy.
If you study new words, then use them more so that you will be able to more quickly memorize them.
Why don't we get out of here?
Dutch is closely related to German.
I asked Tom to play the guitar.
I found my shoes.
BMI categories (underweight, overweight or obese) from general reading table are inappropriate for athletes, children, the elderly, and the infirm.
Do you mind taking me home?
Complaining won't change anything.
I'll take a shower.
I know that you live here.
Tom handed the knife to Mary.
I'll be absent from home in the afternoon.
Are you done talking?
She is angry, and still tired.
He said that he loved me, too.
Arabic isn't complicated.
I sympathize with you.
"Don't worry," Dima attempted to put the woman at ease. "It's not mine."
What time is it?
Who taught you how to dance?
Tom didn't have enough time to answer all the questions on the test.
I have a lot to learn from you.
I was awfully confused by his question.
I saw Jessie standing there.
Do you play soccer?
She always wears black.
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
They say that he has been dead for two years.
She asked a very good question.
Both of Tom's parents passed away when he was quite young.
I didn't kiss him.
My opinion is the one that counts!
Do you like apples?
The train will pass Motomachi Station.
All of my friends like soccer.
Who do you think we are?
A light bulb gives light.
I sent this letter to my grandfather.
You look pale.
Could I get some water, please?
I like summer better than winter.
I like cats.
Whenever you come, you are welcome.
Tom has no brothers or sisters.
Cake? I'm suddenly hungry again.
When we are small, everything seems so big.
No person by that name is listed in the register of the school.
He drank three bottles of beer.
She bought two pairs of socks.
He sleeps like a baby.
It takes two to do something strange.
The total expense for the project amounts to one hundred million yen.
The voyage from England to India used to take 6 months.
Modern cats don't eat rats.
Tom wants to be the boss.
Was her story true?
Could you help me find my dog?
Don't get yourself killed.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
Tom put down his pencil.
He admitted that he was overweight.
You owe me a favor.
Long story short, she’s on the No Fly List and we might have been followed here by drone.
I like this work because you see the result immediately; it's very rewarding.
Tell him to mind his own business.
I don't think this is correct.
The angle would be too narrow.
The lettuce has turned brown.
I love her and she loves me.
For me, this isn't a problem.
I need a good pair of sunglasses.
I'm studying at the University of Hyogo.
Always be true to yourself.
I'm not letting Tom do this by himself.
She's very cautious.
He hopes to go abroad.
Now Marina was a romantic; she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one's whole life around it.
She so wants to go.
I have some pens.
We should ban advertising aimed towards children.
Examine this.
I met him just now.
I didn't see her today.
Where are those posters now?
Trick or treat.
He relies on his wife financially.
He is a tranny.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
She works from nine.
The statue of the Minute Man commemorates the valiant soldiers who fought in the Revolutionary War.
If we begin early, we can finish by lunch.
Tom is certain to complain.
It was raining on and off all night long.
I received an invitation.
It's too bad the college dining hall doesn't have fig cookies.
Cold winter came on.
I can't believe you were the smartest kid in your class.
The toilet paper is used up.
That's too easy.
She tried.
To those who would tear the world down: we will defeat you.
She returned the book to the library.
Put the book back on the shelf.
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.
Constantly blowing his nose in allergy season.
I'll be back at ten.
I don't like frisk searches.
We've bought a new washing machine.
The doctor continued to observe the patient's behavior.
Tom knows how to behave in public.
She often eats breakfast there.
This cannot be real.
The hunter shot the fox dead.
Please tell me about your trip.
She was tricked yet again.
She was scolded by her mother for forgetting to turn off the light when she left the house.
I think it's going to rain.
I think you should see a doctor.
I'd be grateful to you if you could teach me to do that.
He works for a newspaper with a large circulation.
We have almost finished our work.
I'll come right now.
I don't speak French very much.
I think you look like Tom.
Why don't you have a party?
I don't believe you. You're always telling lies.
Do you have a room that's a little cheaper?
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
Those without knowledge can do nothing, and those who can do nothing can eat nothing.
A million people lost their lives during the war.
Your friend Anna went to China this month.
He had one daughter.
He will walk in the park this afternoon.
I’m not denying that that happened, but one example doesn’t count as evidence.
Maybe he's busy.
Shall we go to the cinema?
The sea is very wide.
He can pull strings for you.
Don't come and cause trouble, OK!
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
I don't have money.
Mary took an egg and cracked it open on the rim of the bowl.
I had to give up my plan.
I graduated from high school last year.
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
I don't think I ordered that.
The peak of Fujiyama was covered with snow.
Tell me what's wrong, Tom. If you can't talk to me, who can you talk to?
He is a scientist whom everyone respects.
The homework was easily done.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
I'm surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.
It's snowing.
I seasoned the fish with salt and pepper.
The picture is in black and white.
When was Tom fired?
I decided to study abroad.
I don't care about the expense.
I think this medicine will do you good.
We've been watching you.
What should they do in this situation?
As we went around the corner, the lake came into view.
Do you need this book?
It's eight miles from here to London.
Taiwan is an island nation in the western Pacific Ocean with a population of roughly 23 million people.
The judge sentenced him to one year's imprisonment.
There was little water in the well.
"How late did you stay up last night?" "We were up until about 2:30."
How did you get acquainted with her?
She was out of Japan last year.
That's a tower.
He is almost always at home.
My little brother is watching TV.
The red circle on the calendar marking the deadline causes me to fall into anxiety.
If you are done with that book, I'd like to have it.
Do you want this shirt?
Where is my newspaper?
He had a certain charm.
Nick hurried to catch the bus.
The air conditioner in the lab is broken.
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
In spring, everyone wakes up early.
I was in Boston last month.
I asked for a table over there.
I lost the camera I had bought the day before.
Tom admitted he'd killed Mary.
The party was put off for a week.
This piano is really cheap.
Actions speak louder than words.
It's your book.
The blanket is still wet.
You shouldn't trust people like this.
Tom told me he'd love to help.
Tom missed it.
As is often the case with him, he went to the office without shaving.
Believe me, this is the right way.
From November onwards, it gets colder.
"Does he like music?" "Yes."
Please let me go.
We shouldn't expect too much help from Tom.
That's a small tree.
I created an archive of my emails.
Bears are solitary animals.
Everyone is ready.
What did they hit you with?
I think we'd better wait for another thirty minutes.
Look at me when I talk to you!
I heaved myself up.
What subject do you think he is interested in?
Who organized that meeting?
The rain just stopped, so let's leave.
This knife isn't sharp enough.
What will we have for dinner tonight?
He secretly showed me her picture.
Her daughter became a beautiful woman.
Sami read the book.
Would you like to eat a bun for lunch?
What kind of people do you like best?
All you have to do is try hard to master English.
Thousands upon thousands have died from the epidemic.
I know what he did.
The clouds are large, and the raindrops are small.
The war has not ended.
Tom saw Mary crying.
Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
I have to renew my passport.
She has green eyes.
I want to eat squid this evening.
He is something of a musician.
As I love her, so she loved me.
In her opinion, he is the best musician she has ever seen.
My dictionary is very useful.
Who is she?
Did you play tennis yesterday morning?
I talked with the Polish ambassador.
How was the fishing?
Tom is already used to that.
She makes people feel like queens.
You have no fever whatsoever.
He has just left home.
He intended to reexamine the case from the beginning.
Stop getting yourself worked up over little things.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
Even a teacher can make mistakes.
Life is beautiful.
They were only interested in selling books.
He was run over by a car.
I often play tennis after school.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
Please keep me updated.
How fast Tom works!
I will not allow you to use my pen.
I need a lawyer.
This word does not translate well.
We have two daughters.
That experiment was a failure.
Keep reading.
She looks as if she were drunk.
Fashions of thirty years ago have come back in style.
Everyone will die.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
We'll do that.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
If you like it, you can keep it!
You're drunk.
He's a fisherman.
Phone me tomorrow at nine.
No one likes war.
He's three years older than her.
Tom told me he didn't win.
That building's facade is bizarre. No idea what the architect was thinking.
It cost me 50 dollars to have my watch fixed.
A cat came out from under the desk.
Correct errors, if any.
I have a brother in Boston.
Gold is much heavier than water.
To tell the truth, I didn't do my homework.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
I'm kidding.
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside.
The prisoners fought one another like so many mad people.
I don't like his affected manner of speaking.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.
What time is your plane?
I'm not sure what's going on.
The patient is steadily recovering.
The job isn't suitable for young girls.
I don't need to talk about it.
I don't drink much wine.
It rained hard yesterday morning.
She did nothing but cry all the while.
He succeeded to his father's property.
"Where were you?" "I was at a friend's house."
There is no school today.
Tom admitted his fear.
He is always online.
They requested the mayor to resign.
The ship was flying the American flag.
Do I have to take this medicine?
His words embarrassed me.
Mary quickly averted her eyes.
Are you dating anyone?
I was surprised at the news of his sudden death.
I saw a joyful smile on his face.
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
"Do you like snakes?" "Of course not."
I am a bit drunk.
You can go wherever you want.
She scorned the boy.
I wouldn't do that if I were you.
I come from a large family.
I agree with some of your opinions.
I start a new job tomorrow.
It's already past ten o'clock.
You will hurt yourself.
His little brother studies seriously.
I did not sleep well last night.
He was very friendly to everybody.
It was daytime.
Almost everyone in our village is related to one another.
We have two ears.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The policeman seized the boy by the arm.
She should have kept her mouth shut.
I'm a university student.
"Is this Arabic?" "No, it's Uyghur - a language that's spoken in northwestern China."
That's a real person.
When Sir Alex Ferguson saw that his players were getting tired, he always substituted them.
He always feels he doesn't have enough time, but he doesn't have any idea where his time goes.
Tom is on good terms with John.
Please sit down on this chair.
The excitement reached its peak.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.
The professor grinned.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't do that.
He's not a big drinker, but his friends all like to drink, so he often gets drunk.
I can't stand that noise any longer.
She's a frequent visitor to this country.
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.
If you're busy, I'll help you.
Yes, I like it.
That was where the two armies would fight again.
We have to go by the rules.
Was what Ziri was doing illegal?
He likes to build model planes.
Little Ming still doesn't know where he's going to go next year.
My whole body itches.
Ouch! My finger got caught in the door.
He is an old friend of mine.
Mary knew she was under investigation.
He worked too hard, and became sick.
Learning a foreign language is fun.
Children and drunks tell the truth.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
This is an adverb.
She kept on working.
He was laughed at in public.
Let's get a cab.
I forgot to attach a stamp to the envelope.
Tom didn't play soccer.
My father is in good health.
The wind is picking up.
Do you know where they come from?
How about this instead?
What practice?
I won't need any help.
Have fun.
You smoke far too much. You should cut back.
Tom fed his leftovers to his dog.
Who's in charge of the sales section?
Lunch is ready.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
If time permits, I'll visit the museum.
I've never seen anything like this before.
Give me a kiss.
I usually eat out.
Do you like to drink wine?
You are going to play football tomorrow.
Invite us to dinner at a restaurant.
Good morning.
How much money have you got?
Please eat something.
I always have two cups of coffee in the morning.
When do you work?
He kept a diary during the trip.
America's Civil War lasted four years.
He checked in at a good hotel.
She was ill with heart disease.
Why should I thank Tom?
He interrupted our discussion.
Tom finally stopped.
It looks like your dog is thirsty.
In China, there is a large number of characters, so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate.
Tom is 30 years old.
I know his true name and where he lives.
China is the largest country in Asia.
I got a video cassette recorder cheap at that shop.
When are you free?
Give me your telephone number.
Do you know what he said?
I am eating a watermelon.
See you tomorrow at the library.
He spent the morning reading a book.
Let's speak Vabungula and Yuelami!
Tom was wearing an old pair of shoes.
You're my heroine.
Tom has been learning French for a few years.
An opportunity like this only comes along once in a lifetime.
I like to read.
Who painted this beautiful picture?
I never felt this way before I met you.
The computer is a recent invention.
Early explorers used the stars for navigation.
He can't speak English, can he?
You speak Esperanto, right?
I have seen James recently.
You shall not pass.
I've lost faith in you.
You can't say no.
She broke the window on purpose.
For that reason, he lost his job.
For the time being, I am studying French at this language school.
"Bracelet" is the same in French.
Does that belong to Tom?
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Hong Kong is referred to as the Pearl of Asia.
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.
I think that fact is very important.
May I see your boarding pass, please?
Why do you not answer?
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise.
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
He has set out for Canada.
I forgot the date of the meeting.
He is still somewhere about.
She said she loved animals.
I smell gas.
The ringing stopped.
Can you tell me your last name?
Anne won't be coming to our party.
I'll never forget how helpful you've been.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
I let my sister use my new computer.
Good night. Sweet dreams.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
I have the key to the safe.
I already know the answer.
I like cats very much.
Tom wanted to know where we were going.
Were we to do such a thing, we should be punished.
Although he did well in the exam, his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours.
If a sick person folds one thousand paper cranes, her wish will come true.
Who's your daddy?
Why did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
She gave up her plans against her will.
I like English, but I cannot speak well.
I've just finished breakfast.
Which countries have you visited?
80% of all English words come from other languages.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
Do you know how to ride a bike?
He is very wise.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
The carpenter brought his tools along.
This kind of odour is really terrifying.
Tom is definitely not going to win.
Many conservationists fear the continuing slaughter of whales is pushing these animals towards extinction.
Tom brought Mary some juice.
You'll need a special tool to do it.
How far is it to the library from here?
My bike was stolen when I went shopping.
Tom is nervous.
How about another cup of coffee?
We can't sit idly by.
On the way to London Mr Higgins told Tom and Susie many interesting things.
It won't take much time.
His parents ran a hotel.
Do you know which book sells well now?
I don't understand Portuguese.
There's a lot of wind.
How to say XXX in Dutch?
You mumbled.
I called you.
It's already been two weeks since I saw you last.
Recently I moved to another apartment.
Tomorrow I must get up early.
Do you need to buy anything?
In China’s approach to relations with other countries, we find a welcome emphasis on the principle of equality of states.
I wish we had won the game.
You have a strange sense of humor.
Leaving something unfinished is the worst thing you can do.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
He is charged with multiple property crimes.
I think I can handle that.
This question isn't easy.
My handwriting is illegible.
Stones don't swim.
A couple of flights were delayed on account of a minor accident.
I think we should all go together.
You can visit me whenever you want.
Frankly speaking, he's wrong.
Tom said Mary should do that now.
Bill did not commit the crime.
It will be best if you stay at home to rest today.
I suppose you like him.
People used to think that only humans could use language.
There were few students remaining in the classroom.
Get me the newspaper.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
You must choose.
Crap! I fell for his trap!
Sydney is miles away from here.
How many more days are there until Christmas?
I find French much easier than English to speak.
You've made a mistake.
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
She wanted me to come.
Years of resistance to misfortune ended when the settlers' village was overcome by the savages and their hopes and lives came to the bitter end.
No one can deny the fact.
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds.
The organization furnished the refugees with food.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don't bloom outdoors.
Not knowing what to say, he remained silent.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present".
Look here, boy.
Generally speaking, I leave work at 8:40.
That's the badger!
I came to Tokyo three years ago and have been living here ever since.
For the time being, my sister is an assistant in a supermarket.
He can overcome any obstacle.
Have you already eaten?
They visited the capital.
Please tell me what you think.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
Have you ever had sex in a public park?
I wanted Tom to apologize to Mary.
Are you all listening to me?
The brake stopped working.
What's for supper?
The time has come when I must tell you the truth.
You won't be able to catch the train.
Correct my spelling if it's wrong.
It isn't that weird, is it?
They know how to make an atomic bomb.
That was an excellent putt.
I barely escaped being hit by the truck.
Some of my classmates from primary school are already grandparents.
I'm not as smart as you.
You don't like love stories.
Molly has a large clock.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Don't talk nonsense.
Puerto Rico is not a sovereign state.
Please sign here.
It is often said that the Japanese are hard workers.
We are watching the sun set.
This is the monsoon season.
Waiter, I would like to pay.
Have you worked the puzzle out?
Several yachts were sailing side by side far out at sea.
Should I give you those books to look at?
Old people get up very early.
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
Taobao suggested sexy and cute lingerie for me.
This fish is not fit to eat.
I'm sorry I kept you waiting.
I still have to buy your book.
You can use this computer any time.
I wonder if what I wrote was correct.
Most Americans do not object to my calling them by their first names.
I was supposed to go to school.
We were surrounded.
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
They live in a big house.
Oh please!
Tom is a magician.
We gave Robert the nickname 'Bob'.
One must be responsible for one's conduct.
The woman to whom you were talking is my sister.
Tom took out his key and opened the door.
I’ll come and find you once I’ve finished my work.
Remember to admire her new dress.
I'm fat.
I have at least ten books.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
Hunger urged him to steal.
She's coming back tonight, isn't she?
Don't get close to me.
Our house was robbed while we were away.
Do you have an English dictionary?
He should buy a new bicycle for his son.
I'm on my way to meet Tom at the station right now.
I booked a seat.
In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans, the traditional courtyard residences.
I have received a letter from a friend.
I'm not very interested in artificial languages.
We're going out tonight.
I talked to her.
Let me know if I need to change.
Let's go by taxi.
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are?
Press the bell twice.
Many people think that success means having a lot of money.
Wait and see.
If I don't come, who will?
Some gum stuck to his shoes.
I think I know who it is.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
Everybody is equal before the law.
He did not have enough money.
It's up to you whether to buy it or not.
He wears Chinese-style clothes.
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
Can you gift-wrap this, please?
No. They are too small.
May I see the wine list?
I heard Tom could do that.
You are sitting between Meg and me.
That street is very noisy.
He must be fined if he breaks the law.
I missed my stop. What should I do?
I finally found a job.
They won many competitions.
He is gross, man!
You're safe here with me.
English isn't my first language.
I'm not accustomed to walking long distances.
Who exactly is responsible?
Let's take a bus.
That area's off-limits.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
I regularly go to bed at nine.
This bottle is empty.
Sorry I haven't replied to your letter earlier.
Is that better?
She bought two pounds of butter.
It is not necessary for you to quit the job.
I'm so proud of her.
It was not until the baby was fed that he stopped crying.
He was injured in the accident.
There is lightning.
Who runs faster, Ken or Tony?
I doubt his story.
I bet ten dollars on that horse.
If it is worth doing, do it well.
Tell me the right answer to it.
He said he felt like getting drunk.
I am going.
I need it ASAP.
I'm leaving for Chicago next Saturday morning.
In Netherlands you can see windmills wherever you go.
Everyone is waiting for Tom.
It was once thought that there was intelligent life on Mars.
All civilized countries are against war.
We're all looking forward to seeing you and your family.
He's out taking a walk.
Tom was killed three years later.
My family goes skiing every winter.
The aurora is a phenomenon characteristic of the polar regions.
That black bird isn't a blackbird.
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
Why are you so quiet?
No worries! This is good enough!
Compare it to other enjoyable activities: going to the cinema, reading books, going for walks, chatting to friends etc.
I really have to go.
I've been robbed.
What's the happy occasion?
To speak English is not easy.
Tom was a little drunk.
Alright, let's meet in a bit.
The dog is blind in one eye.
Shall we go and eat?
I tried to keep from crying.
Here is your dog. Where is mine?
Where will you eat tomorrow?
She didn't give me back my money.
Break it up!
He was almost hit by a car.
She sleeps with two pillows.
I feel bad about not having gone to his funeral.
What are you thinking about?
In the previous meeting, we already discussed the organizational problem within our company.
I felt a drop of rain on my head.
We gave him up for dead.
How far is it to this university?
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
Go ahead.
There are lots of trees in the countryside.
For the sake of living things, please do not play around with the water.
The man got away from the city.
Where's the nearest shopping mall?
I love Monday!
Nature plays an important role in our life.
Could you please do me a favor?
He has no eye for women.
Our food is cheap.
Sebatik Island is one of the boundary regions between Indonesia and Malaysia.
All the boys in class worked hard.
The archer killed the deer.
You're still awake?
David has so many girlfriends that he can't remember all of their names.
I run every day.
I am glad to have her company.
Obviously, we don't know if those thermos flasks are their own.
Today, I bought ten books in all.
Excuse me, how much is this?
I trust Ken.
Tom played with his dog.
Promoting Mandarin Chinese is China's national plan.
We should try to avoid imposing our own beliefs on others.
It's my turn to drive next.
Tom and I are friends.
It hurts to see Mary suffer so.
I have read some books.
Leave the room immediately.
I need a new car.
She looks young. However, she's actually over forty.
I've never seen that guy before.
At last, he went to America.
I often play soccer after school.
She probably can get along well with her mother-in-law.
Do you get up at six?
What does this sentence mean?
She is doing her homework now.
Tom is a bit pale.
I'm sorry to bother you.
It's all right. I can wait.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I would not change my mind.
The cat caught the rats.
I used to eat like a pig.
This is a book.
No problem.
What did she say?
What a beautiful sunrise it is!
It was Alister who killed Barbara.
I'm shivering with cold.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
Life is not long, it is wide!
Tom is a socialist.
I stayed up till very late last night.
I made an awful mistake in the test.
There's only one window in my room.
Mary prefers to dye her hair blonde.
This is an old letter.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
Betty got hooked on dancing.
Tom and I were business partners.
There used to be a post office here.
How much does it cost?
Many people believe acupuncture can cure diseases.
He was laughed at by his friends.
I can't recall the last time we met.
Tatoeba: Where quotes go to die.
We have no more sugar.
The death of languages leaves people feeling regret and sorrow.
I want Tom to do it.
If possible, I would like to go home now.
Tom is fairly shy.
Could you rearrange this list so it's in alphabetical order?
Am I allowed to use this?
I read lips.
Weeds on a wall fall on both sides.
Their excuses were all alike.
I had my teeth examined at the dentist's.
The Spanish team is great at keeping possession of the ball.
All languages being equal, English is the most equal of all.
To the best of my knowledge, she's hard to please.
He built a robot.
He has gone abroad by himself.
Dumbass!
It was five years ago that I graduated from college.
We have to continue to do our jobs.
This river flows rapidly.
I don't like Italian food.
In England you drive on the left.
The train is bound for London.
I moved here yesterday.
He has traveled around the world in eighty days by himself.
The server is a bit slow.
His learning attitude isn't that good.
Tom is a bookworm.
He is in trouble.
Just kidding, don't be so serious.
You remind me of a boy I used to know.
"How old are you?" "Sixteen years old".
This message will self-destruct in five seconds.
Tom has a lot of French books.
He told me to wash my face.
She doesn't like soccer.
Our friend lost his mother.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
He has completely lost all sense of duty.
She will try again.
Is it normal that many young people these days idolize pretty boy stars?
I heard it thunder in the distance.
But, of course, hindsight is 20-20.
Tomorrow, I am coming back from Hong Kong to the mainland.
I miss you.
She left the room and went outside.
The boy I thought was honest deceived me.
I'm not too tired.
What he said is not true.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
You are very fortunate that you have such friends.
He has an egg and is eating it.
Banks open at nine o'clock.
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.
Can I borrow your radio?
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in 17th century China.
A young man is singing in front of the door.
Automobiles are made in factories.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
I think my French isn't very good.
Imagination is the root of all civilization.
Let's go by underground.
Today, my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan.
Where is Manila?
The Romanian language is part of the Romance language family.
My son is taller than I am.
The area of the factory is 1,000 square meters.
I'll eat it here.
He did not like children.
The program starts at nine o'clock.
I have bought some clothes.
Tom knows him.
In the last minute, Marcello scored an equaliser.
I still haven't learned to drive a car.
This time, it's different.
Do you also like jazz?
I teach biology and French.
I would kill for a plate of polo right now.
They appointed him as a director.
Is this your tape recorder?
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
It's pretty interesting!
Tom is washing his car.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Did you have a fight with Ken?
Keep the dog out.
I love Nara, especially in autumn.
We've lost them.
The degree to which it had been modernised far exceeded my expectations.
There is no excuse to help get you out of the meeting.
There is not an answer to your question.
These figures don't add up.
You all were very good before, and now you're even better.
It's not a cat. It's a dog.
Someone stole my passport.
Tom did a cartwheel.
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds.
My father speaks better English than my mother.
This beer tastes bitter.
Hello, are you Jose?
I always eat out.
Brasilia is the capital of Brazil.
I'm only reading the scraps on news on the Internet, but, well, I get the general picture.
I've never met someone who doesn't like chocolate.
She opened the door.
Tom has been wounded.
He has bought a banana case.
It's really cold tonight.
I am here on business.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
Which hat is yours?
Oh, a butterfly!
That was Tom's choice.
What did you do on your vacation?
At lunchtime today, our usual restaurant was closed because of a funeral in the family.
Don't forget to sweep the kitchen clean.
In my sandwich there is meat, cheese and tomatoes.
The flowers in the garden hung their heads.
In the hotel room there was a watermelon on the table.
I'm so tired!
He's your friend.
Can you drive a car?
I bought some apples.
Person of the future: "The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January 19, 2038. As such, I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth's destruction."
I bought a new sewing machine.
The patient, despite having taken the new medication, didn't feel any better.
It was hot yesterday.
They are very kind to me.
Neither team played well in the game.
Please turn off the lights.
I really like puppies.
She is at work.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
I thought that I was dreaming.
We grow vegetables in our garden.
Tom and Mary said that they're very happy.
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman.
How many US dollars are in an Egyptian pound?
Try again.
I can't stand it.
That's why I don't approve of your plan.
He became wiser as he grew older.
She uses rude words.
What is Gestalt Therapy?
Thankfully nothing unfortunate happened.
Can you please give me something to do?
Tom is in Boston on business.
What is the advantage of this technology?
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
She likes her school a lot.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
Today is Thursday.
Today is Saturday.
I can't bear this noise anymore.
This method is sure to work.
Start your own YouTube channel.
I like this watch.
I hit on a good idea.
She pressed the switch.
My parents don't know.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be all right.
You made a mistake.
Nobody knew what the machine was like.
He has a bicycle.
His mobile phone was stolen.
Hundreds of buffaloes moved toward the lake.
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
I'm a big football fan.
Zailaiba Bar is hiring waiters; are you interested?
Entry of pool is prohibited.
I think that I've met Tom before.
Would you like some coffee?
I wish you a Merry Christmas.
She is practicing the violin now.
I usually have my bath at night.
I heard her speak English fluently.
She assumed an air of indifference.
I saw him playing baseball.
She gets lost really easily. She's got no sense of direction.
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was alone."
Miho plays piano better than Noriko.
He used to read at night.
I'm curious.
He found my bicycle.
Father will never approve of my marriage.
The failure in business left me penniless.
I would like to play golf.
I also drink two cups of tea.
Kate made an apple pie.
We've already won this battle.
I'll ask him tomorrow.
Da Vinci could see farther than others.
Could I get you to update this data for me?
Did I say something I shouldn't have?
He stayed at his aunt's house.
There are so few things like this.
When writing English, she rarely makes a mistake.
My house is old and ugly.
To date nobody knows the actual size of the cosmos.
I haven't met him even once.
The grass sprouts all over the garden.
A bird is singing in the tree.
It is raining right now, but I want to go out.
What movies are playing this week?
I want a few empty glasses.
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.
She cried.
She turned down every proposal.
He arrived five minutes after the specified time.
Now, I like it too.
That house is very small.
I gazed at the sea for hours.
Five plus three equals eight.
Tom combed his hair.
I didn't do anything.
All the girls like singing.
Tom bought new gloves.
They're reading.
I have three times as many books as you do.
I like flowers.
Don't waste time.
We have exams right after summer vacation.
Let's ask the teacher.
I like running.
We've made a lot of improvements today.
The walls have ears.
Look at you!
It was calculated that hundreds of workers would have to work a hundred hours to make a mistake as enormous as that which a computer can make in a millionth of a second.
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed as soon as I get home.
I have no friends to play with.
I'd like to make a reservation.
What time will you have breakfast?
I'll have time in ten minutes.
It's summer already.
I am fine, and you?
We captured the thief.
I don't think I'll be able to get there on time.
Tom's lying.
Please wait a minute.
Do you want to come along?
His ideas are always practical.
Tom said he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.
She likes Russian Pop.
How was the meeting yesterday?
Tom gave us some eggs.
We have breakfast in the kitchen.
In order to make life happy, you must love the everyday trifles.
The castle is beautiful.
Nobody likes war.
Nobody forced you to help me.
The Italians often drink coffee.
Do you want to eat?
Your driver's license has expired.
I must make up for the loss.
He bullies younger children.
They armed themselves with guns.
Tom can take care of himself now.
Could I borrow your gray suit?
That isn't Tom's fault.
Mark graduated from Harvard in 1991.
Give up such ideas.
The crowd poured out of the stadium.
She filled her bag with apples.
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs, sayings and stories.
Tom works on his own.
I saw a woman in black.
Mike and Ken are friends.
Don't drop this cup.
Since you are here, we might as well begin.
I didn't mean to wake you.
We just arrived at the station.
Why are you busy today?
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
He must have gotten over his cold.
What kind of food do you have?
A good idea came to me.
His tie corresponds well with his suit.
This rose is beautiful.
His house is somewhere about here.
From now on, you should exercise regularly. I bought some health supplements for you to try.
Bob did not agree to the plan.
It's really easy to learn how to swim.
We've known each other for years.
I wish I hadn't said that at the party.
God created the heaven and the earth.
She is very clever.
The rich sometimes despise the poor.
He had some rice for supper.
For years he has been at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
I'd better drive you home.
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
No one was late.
I don't like salad.
I didn't want to spend any more time arguing with Tom.
A good idea suddenly came to me.
Tom is living with his uncle now.
She held her breath.
The investor stole the capital of his client.
I advise you to change clothes.
He is as old as I.
Join us.
Patience is not my forte.
I like both science and math.
Someone who doesn't understand you is not necessarily an idiot.
Our company will implement new price standards regarding this product.
I can't do anything but obey him.
My hobby is collecting old coins.
Who's to blame?
Once is enough.
Tofu goes well with good sake.
If you don't have this software, you can download it now.
Few, if any, will criticize him.
I have strawberries. Do you want to eat some?
Did you open a window?
Let's play soccer.
I have no idea what I'm going to wear.
That is Peterson, he is a policeman.
The rich are not always happier than the poor.
Is there a youth hostel around here?
Where's your granddaughter?
He is the tallest in his class.
I got up early yesterday.
Tom and Sue love each other.
I didn't want to humiliate you.
Outside it's foggy.
I made a mistake!
What're you writing?
You have to quit smoking.
She used margarine instead of butter.
I decided to forgive him.
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self-contained walking pieces of heaven.
Hold on a minute, please.
I would like to have a discussion with Mr. Zhang and Mr. Li.
My brother is two years older than I, but he is three centimeters shorter.
There are a lot of slums in Mexico.
Those two are quarreling again.
He shows no mark of progress.
Kanazawa is a quiet city.
I'm just about done.
If you're not busy, could you please help me?
I should be studying English, but I want to watch a movie.
I put the book down and turned on the light.
I'd very much like to go.
Don't bother calling security.
You can't come with us.
You know what I meant.
The room smelled of tobacco.
He has not been to France.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
She plays tennis every day.
I'm gonna call the police!
You are definitely hungry.
He is cleverer than I.
I am pronouncing Chinese words.
I paid 800 yen for this book.
I've got blisters on my feet.
Since their conversation was in French, I couldn't understand a word.
It took me five hours to drive from here to Tokyo.
This boy is riding a horse for the first time.
I no longer love him.
I always need an extra blanket in the wintertime.
I respect elderly people.
Today I had some kipper for breakfast.
My ideas are different from yours.
Where are you studying Italian?
Up to now, I've met him only once.
How are you doing?
Tom approached cautiously.
I've had just about enough of her.
We're heroes.
I don't know anything about him.
We're studying French.
They decided the date for the trip.
He is a comedian.
I'm not the boss.
I've moved out already. Now I live alone.
The players sat in the locker room while they listened to their coach speak.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
My mother is writing a letter now.
It sounds like a good idea.
Japan has caught up with America in some fields.
He may not come.
Have you ever heard that song sung in French?
I took a taxi from the station to the hotel.
Sure, anything for you! We're like family!
That money changed his life.
The resemblance between Sean and Conner is striking!
I have more dresses than my sister.
That was a beautiful moment.
I don't feel like eating anything now.
You look like you've seen a ghost!
The World Cup is going to start on the 11th.
Her brother studies hard.
I was on the train for twelve hours.
He has a pretty house.
I was overseas at the time.
His head broke the surface.
Two children are perched on a fence.
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness.
Hold the ball in both hands.
It is my pleasure to wait for a beautiful lady.
The green team lost.
She lives in a large house.
I'm taking care of my grandfather.
The vote is unanimous.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
We talked about a variety of topics.
Would you like to go abroad?
I'm going to be out today.
It's just what I wanted.
The teacher pointed out your mistakes.
What did you do yesterday evening?
Tom and Jim are the same height.
Tom is totally into you.
You don't have to stay in the hospital.
I was surprised to see a lion.
Can you?
You're not satisfied, are you?
He is sure of winning the game.
I'm very grateful to you for your advice.
I have three cousins.
No medicine can cure this disease.
He went to Paris to study French.
For a long time, society was strongly hierarchical and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished segment of the population, they were crushed by the weight of taxes, wars, and famines.
When I was young, I also liked this one.
Tom didn't sound too worried.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
You don't have to work so hard.
Yesterday I went and fished by the river.
Are you writing a letter?
I had no trouble finding his office.
Taiwanese food is milder than Indian food.
His face turned pale.
Each member has to pay 10,000 yen a month.
You should keep your mouth shut.
You can't be hungry. You've just had dinner.
It seems that Jeff knows who she is.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
Her mother always accompanies her.
How's the breakfast at McDonald's?
Would you lend me a pencil?
I come from Taipei.
This house is not for sale.
The orange left a strange taste in my mouth.
I prefer novels that have a happy ending.
I really like to dance.
I have a favor to ask of you.
I don't make deals with people like you.
My cellphone is ringing.
The station is two miles away.
The jobless rate in Japan was 3.4 percent in September 2015.
I turned the doorknob.
The concert wasn't very good.
What's she doing?
I am shy.
What makes you think I won't be able to do it?
He's a salesman too.
When there is no tigers in mountains, the monkey becomes the king.
He is a talented young director.
Tom doesn't like doing homework.
I've done this all my life.
Yes. That's right.
I attended the party just to be sociable.
We go to school by bus.
This is my bag.
He is making cookies.
Tom didn't tell me her name.
She lifted up her head and looked at him.
Tom might know something.
His first work gained great popularity among people.
Now where did I put the key?
Although he is not a singer, he has beautiful voice.
I'm going to harvest for you next week.
Dad is in the room.
This table is wooden.
I had a shower.
You're not too bad-looking.
I'd like to invite you to the party.
I'm afraid you can't marry her.
It's my birthday soon.
He is a man of understanding.
I forgot his name.
Every day I go to the café and have coffee.
You're a wonderful woman.
Everyone was listening very carefully.
He's contemplating the complexity of contemporary life.
The teachers are all continuing to teach despite the immense pressure.
Isn't that skirt too short?
Let's wait here until he comes back.
I saw Tom three hours ago.
Though young, he is wise.
I'm playing baseball.
Everyone ought to be the master of his own destiny.
I was at a friend's house.
Did you meet in Seoul?
We're doing the best we can.
We can deliver it this evening.
I have a sore stomach.
They tasted the bread.
He may well be proud of his sons.
Tom and Mary aren't as tidy as they used to be.
It's a racist thing to say.
Tom's dad has just died.
It is far from here to Tokyo.
Do be kind to your children!
He is at his desk.
We're neighbours.
She lived in five different countries by age 25.
I'm sure that it'll be fun.
I killed God.
The plane is arriving.
I don't know for certain.
Truth needs not many words.
His new record sells well.
He's stalking you.
What is Tom afraid of?
See you tomorrow in the office.
Do you like oysters?
Did you accomplish your goals?
The typhoon is gone.
Where did he go?
When are you going to come and see me?
Tom slept until noon.
It is presently very difficult to calm down and treat oneself with a book.
I know that you are learning French at school.
Tom is eating something.
I bought a bag of frozen corn.
We don't speak French.
The pirates buried their treasure in the ground.
When you arrive in Osaka, please contact me.
Please provide contact details.
Shake the bottle before using.
Get away!
The mansion was so cheap because it was known to be haunted.
I might have forgotten my keys.
The sky is clear and full of stars.
When he feels fine, he goes for a walk.
Grammar is very complicated.
My father got home late last night.
Please do as they have instructed you.
That's not my car.
Why don't you have some sushi?
He looks down on women.
There are 30 students in our class.
Do you think I'm cool?
Do you have a map?
Oh my god! I've killed a pregnant woman!
The teacher asked me which book I liked.
We're almost broke.
We have a little time left.
The business hasn't been paying for the last six months.
My hand is so cold I can't feel it anymore.
Come along with us.
Can you make yourself understood in French?
This movie is worth watching.
It will cost around 10,000 yen.
Tom ate vegan lasagna.
Friend, how about we stroll through the Chinatown?
I promised him that I'd come today.
I wonder which of the runners will come first.
Rong Rong's mother doesn't seem to be a good mother.
You cannot do this.
This clock seems to be malfunctioning.
It's the only thing I can think of.
Tom wants Mary to study harder.
Let's go to the movies.
He is not very good at mathematics.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before I become more creative.
How's the neighborhood? Quiet? Noisy at night?
Hello Tom! When did you come?
Soccer is my favorite sport.
What illness do I have?
She lost many library books.
We never gave up.
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
Tom promised to try again.
I was an honest man until 1985.
She speaks a little Arabic.
Let me have a try at it.
We need more.
Stay there.
Tom is sloshed.
Which drama series do you like best?
The vast majority of high school students I know can't read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
When and where is breakfast served?
He was a great educator so his children really listened to him.
Even so, the Earth moves!
Kiss her.
Done?
"But I'm already queuing," I tell him.
Do you know for sure that Tom is behind that?
This food is too salty.
Can Tom buy that for us?
What is the central aim of this plan?
A student wants to see you.
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
I have another question.
Tell us what to do next.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
He will be a good husband to my sister.
He wiped the sweat off his face.
It's an artificial flower.
If it doesn't rain, let's go out.
It is the things that we do not possess which seem to us most desirable.
What are you going to use this car for?
Need they have sold the farm?
Does he hope to succeed?
He almost drowned.
Each year Hamamatsu has a kite festival.
Tom wanted to know if Mary had a boyfriend.
Food and drink are material needs.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
Where is my dad?
I don't understand what the author means here.
What is your major?
My throat feels dry and raw and scratchy.
He was looking upward to the sky.
I'm open to suggestions.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
Tell me what you did to Shounan.
I wanna be with her.
I built this for you.
I treat you to a cup of coffee.
That's awesome, right?
Who's your favourite actor?
Music is your passion.
How are you, Mike?
The food was really good the last time I was here.
Mary and I became good friends.
I hope that she will help me.
This car sells well.
Who is that old man?
This new word is particularly important for us.
She looks sad.
I have to do my best.
Mary is very cute, isn't she?
The house collapsed under the weight of snow.
I want you to take a break.
This probably means war.
Don't complain. You have to go.
I like the Occitan language.
I love French films.
Tom could be available.
The day before, they had made preparations.
I slept for eight hours last night.
Please give me a sheet of paper.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
Do you really think Tom is skinny?
The carrots cost three dollars.
Turn on the radio.
You are now an adult.
Everything has an end.
Can you please shut up?
They must have had an accident.
I'm now rich enough to afford to get anything I want.
Your shoes are untied.
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
I dare say there'll be taxis at the station.
I'm still mad.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
I missed you.
I'll check your vision.
Can he speak English?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
Individuality is very important in the West.
I am either going to see a film, or going to see an opera.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
Sleep tight, Sean.
He invented the wheel.
His legs were crossed.
He is lying on the bench.
What are you looking at?
There is a television in this room.
We had a slight difference of opinion.
It's one of the reasons.
I want your love.
This is unsportsmanlike behavior!
Excuse me for being late.
An apple a day is good for our health.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
I don’t have time for this!
I cut myself while shaving.
Tom only drinks water.
I hope you can come.
The rumor turned out to be true.
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth.
When I called, he had already set off.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was embarrassed.
Some people felt that Tom's behavior was inappropriate.
You're delusional. Go to bed!
She's older than Tom.
Today is mom's birthday. I ordered a cake.
Tom did it the same way I did.
That would be unlikely.
I just finished lunch.
She mistook me for Mr. Tamori.
We're all at risk.
Is it OK if I use your phone?
He earns his bread as a writer.
All the oil in the lamp has been used.
The cake is too sweet.
I would like to learn how to dance.
When you leave the bathroom, you should wash your hands.
I can't ride a bicycle.
Stock prices plunged to a record low.
We study English, since it is an important subject nowadays.
I absolutely don't know that woman.
We won't see you again.
I always felt like she was hiding something.
Where is my plate?
We must learn to live together as brothers, or we will perish together as fools.
She refused to accept the money.
You work too hard.
Due to the large amounts of snow over the last few days, school has been cancelled.
Tom is bound to complain.
He resigned.
Do you know what I mean?
It's really hot here in the summer.
I drive a convertible.
Apples are the best fruit.
The longer we waited, the more impatient we became.
The only question now is how we're going to get home.
You're an excellent journalist.
We aren't young.
Don't trust him.
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain, with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad.
Bill is always honest.
I tried writing with my left hand.
Tom didn't have to thank me.
If there were no pessimists, neither would there be any optimists.
They eat sunflower seeds while playing cards.
I don't want to help you.
I turned 16.
There is a small garden in front of my house.
He had a big box in his arms.
I couldn't get my classmates to understand my thoughts.
How did they get to know each other?
I really do love to travel!
There was only three people at that time.
I canceled my hotel reservation.
It was raining when we left; it was sunny when we arrived.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
How is the economy?
You just got pantsed in the schoolyard, four-eyes.
It'll come all right in the end.
We weren't at home yesterday evening.
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.
He showed us a picture of his mother.
She's cowardly.
I'll provide you with all the necessary information.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
No man is without his faults.
His courage will carry him through this difficult job.
Such secrets are always eventually revealed.
I still can't believe you're married.
Don't talk rubbish.
A gentle wind made ripples on the surface of the pond.
I don't want to get out of bed today.
We're going downtown to eat pizza.
Could you please autograph this book?
We were disappointed at her absence.
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.
People used to be afraid of the future. Today, it is the future that should be afraid of people.
Mary said she's noticed the difference.
Long hair is out of fashion now.
They made me really angry.
Sami is in the kitchen.
My mother has a driving licence, but she doesn't drive.
I wish you could come with us.
Is this your hobby?
My friends don't play tennis.
I look to you for help.
One beer, please!
There is a call for you.
I could not keep the tears from my eyes.
I'd better go home.
Good evening.
Tom is listening.
His pain is past now.
Tom forgot all about me.
Sounds good.
The train was ten minutes behind time.
Tom has been uncooperative.
The girl drinks orange juice.
He turns a deaf ear to me.
The Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941.
Tom doesn't want our help.
Where do you want to go this summer?
Is it still alive?
Tom didn't know that Mary loved him.
Would you mind opening the window?
Where's the bathroom?
I'm not going to be at school tomorrow, I'm going to be in Madrid.
Coming out of the closet requires tremendous courage.
There were eight pebbles there.
I put in earplugs.
He had his car stolen last night.
Don't tell me.
Yanni took the life of an innocent young man.
Don't walk so fast! I can't keep up with you.
He is going to school, carrying a schoolbag on his back.
Their baby is able to walk already.
She surpasses me in English.
Paper, glass and plastic are recyclable materials.
Is it true or did Tom make that story up?
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
Time to get up.
I really enjoyed last night.
If I am busy then I may arrive late.
There used to live a scary monster.
"I'm going to count up slowly to three, Mary, and you'll wake up." "I'm already awake, Mister Kant."
He managed to make both ends meet.
I live in Qatar.
She likes all kinds of sports.
You should've done it earlier. It can't be helped now.
Tom is the coolest person in the world.
A plastic dish will melt on the stove.
What was invented by Bell?
I'm done up.
I spent 10 dollars on it.
Thank you for the flowers!
We haven't seen him for over ten years.
I watch my weight very carefully.
I was lying earlier.
I'm going to bed.
It's very kind of you to help me.
This house belongs to my uncle.
Bob helped me.
I want you out of my room.
We postponed our departure because of the storm.
I'm sorry I made you wait for so long today.
I was a high school student at that time.
This pear smells nice.
This year has been a lucky one for him.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
I had my wallet stolen.
Jim hasn't come yet.
She was blind, deaf, and mute.
You should not trifle with his feelings.
Sometimes, I wish I could walk through time, and meet myself back when I was still a child.
Why don't you sit down and relax?
I have been studying English for four years.
Lucia is a simple kind of girl.
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.
Quick, help me!
I am called John. What about you?
I'm not good at math.
I have lost my umbrella.
Both of you are wrong.
Mary is really talented, isn't she?
Tom and I have a lot more in common than I thought.
My favorite color is red.
She works at the bookstore.
I have to introduce Mary to the manager.
Can you still do it?
He paused to look at the poster.
You are always as busy as a bee.
Thank you for everything.
Have you pulled the plug out?
You always forget your money.
We plan to go hiking tomorrow.
Tom is a bit snobbish.
We must always be prepared for disasters.
No one can stop me from going there.
He began to eat his breakfast.
How do you keep costs down?
The red fish is swimming in the ocean.
He denied having written to me.
I applied for a visa.
Heroes arise in troubled times.
He is not so much a professor as a school teacher.
Which do you prefer, dogs or cats?
We have no choice but to go.
Thank you in advance for your help.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
That hat looks really good on Tom.
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.
This photo was taken in Nara.
Turn left.
Please knock on the door.
I live in Maastricht.
It's a deal!
It is almost 12 o'clock.
Ask for what you want.
I've been to the area surrounding Shanghai.
You know who I am.
I prefer to travel by air.
What do you know about the CIA?
It's twenty past six.
Ann was in a hurry this morning.
I read the book from cover to cover.
It is highly improper.
Happy are those who love flowers.
I am anxious to visit Britain once again.
He caught a plane in Tokyo to go to Osaka.
It's no good trying to persuade her.
There's no poison in this fish.
Iron and oxygen are elements.
I hope he hasn't had an accident.
How is the weather today?
He can't seem to understand that poem.
Have a nice flight.
Can you guess how old I am?
He is a killer, he should be behind bars!
Ben put his hands in his pockets.
He was a great teacher so his children were very obedient.
The tap in the kitchen is dripping.
This is not mine.
I met her during my stay in Mexico.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
We're still vulnerable.
Tom has three older sisters.
It is clear that no one has anything new to suggest.
There are several ways to measure speed.
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is, but that they treat you well.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
Please pay attention.
I'm going to get my house a fresh coat of paint.
Environmental pollution is causing abnormal weather conditions.
Armenia is called "Hayastan" in Armenian.
Every teacher does their best.
Don't worry about such a thing.
That person writing the letter in the classroom is my friend.
Turn right at the next intersection.
Rain, rain go away!
Every time I see you, I can't help thinking about your mother.
He said nothing, which made her angry.
He was driving the car at full speed.
Just ask Tom.
She is popular not because she is beautiful, but because she is kind to everyone.
I didn't buy bread.
It is difficult to understand this novel.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
Tom is escaping.
I can't breathe through my nose.
How about going to the cinema?
I come from Brazil.
Were you expecting to win?
What was that meeting about?
As far as I'm concerned, she's a complete stranger.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
Hiromi is wearing a new dress.
It's very interesting.
My girlfriend dumped me.
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business.
It is exactly three o'clock now.
It started raining as soon as we got home.
We know this song.
It took me half an hour to work out this problem.
Is anybody there?
How did you make this soup?
Where's the nearest church?
I've already had two cups of coffee.
Buying a new TV won't make you happy.
He made a speech in plain English.
Whichever route you take, you will get there in time.
There were only three passengers on the bus when it exploded.
Do you have a fever?
Keep these seats for the elderly.
We know so little about you.
We had a history quiz this morning.
Cuba is located in the Americas.
The airport is close by.
You will keep your word, won't you?
How fast that dog runs!
Doesn't Tom have any friends?
Where is the information counter?
He bought vegetables and some fruit.
I'll buy a watch for my son.
Sadako Sasaki died on October 25, 1955.
Your sister can't swim well, can she?
I would like to discuss about the price with you.
You'll use the computer for studying, and not for playing games.
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
I just don't know what to say.
She is lacking in common sense.
I'll give him a hand.
The snails are eating our lettuce.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
It is your business to take care of them.
You must look over the contract before you sign it.
The man kept talking for an hour.
One thousand dollars will cover all the expenses for the party.
That one!
Tom was bleeding heavily from a gunshot wound.
I feel sad every now and then.
I know you're richer than me.
You made an error.
We've had it analyzed.
Tom is going to buy a new bicycle.
You might as well read a novel instead of staring at the ceiling.
"Ah!" is an interjection.
All at once, he spoke out.
We arrived here fast, didn't we?
The cross was moved to the church.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were absent yesterday?
You too.
There's a hair in my soup.
Water is life.
I am cold.
The medicine decreased his pain.
My opinion is similar to yours.
He even called you an idiot.
They were satisfied.
Weigongcun subway station has three exits.
I was very moved by her story.
This startled me.
Can I go out today wearing this shirt that has a little bit of red?
She did not turn up.
We are a family of five.
I thought that the questions were easy.
As for the papers, I have custody of them.
My brother bought an electric guitar.
When did you begin to learn English?
What is new?
Whoever ignores that point will make mistakes.
She said she wasn't likely to win.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
Jane has five handbags.
I know that you don't need to do that today.
Have you been working long as a doctor?
Japan is surrounded by sea.
I don't have to clean my room.
I'm going on a diet starting tomorrow.
He saved the drowning child at the cost of his own life.
I'm not as smart as I thought I was.
Tom has traveled around the world.
Regarding education, he has extreme opinions.
When was the last time you urinated?
Tom was the only boy in the entire class.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
Get another chair.
I was in hospital for a week.
When teaching a student, do not enlighten him until he wishes to understand what he could not. Do not inspire him until he wishes to express but could not. When teaching him one side of a solution, if he could not discover the other three sides, then do not teach him again.
She has a rare given name.
I want him to read this.
I was mildly disappointed.
Can you finish this in three days?
How is this dish made?
Did you watch the soccer game on television?
Play or study - the choice is yours.
Do I appear to look like I am rich?
The father is good.
I wasn't able to buy everything I needed.
Sami bought Layla a beautiful diamond ring.
Do you know his older brother?
Let go of him!
Will you live in Sasayama next year?
In my opinion, he is correct.
The Pacific is the largest ocean in the world.
He speaks Russian perfectly.
I will put up at my friend's tonight.
He is remarkable for his wisdom.
Tom is too old.
I was surprised at John's death.
My parents live in the country.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
Our neighbor has two brown dogs.
I think that Tom is about to cry.
I'll go talk to them right now.
What gives life a meaning?
I study at the library.
Hello, who am I speaking to?
I'll personally visit you.
Keep quiet.
I am a man.
I've got a terrible headache.
Call Tom and Mary this evening.
Never forget to put out the fire.
I hail from Limburg.
My brother would often stay up all night reading novels.
He really is disrespectful.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now, there is still room for improvement.
Do you think Tom is retired already?
No, I don't think so.
What's your favourite colour?
Do you not play tennis?
We gave our mother a watch.
Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
What a pity that there are more foolish people than smart ones.
I like your room.
How much is the entrance fee?
I'm sorry I've mistaken the direction.
We should stop.
We shall die sooner or later.
How much does this hat cost?
Is it safe to eat cockroaches?
He wasn't able to attend the party.
I thought Tom had heard us.
My father's going to kill me.
I was born October 10th, 1972.
She is very fond of flowers.
That woman is very beautiful.
The horse is a useful animal.
I'm not convinced that you know what you're doing.
It is difficult for me to read the book.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Tom can't cross the border.
Betty speaks Esperanto really well.
I have a friend who lives in Boston.
Ach, I was almost late to class!
I decided to buy a car.
I have to write a letter. Do you have some paper?
Another bottle of wine, please.
None of us is perfect.
I burned myself with boiling water.
Step aside.
You're an idiot.
You can use my car if you like.
He was late as usual.
More than 40 percent of the students go to university.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
Allow me to go.
Tom is smashed.
I'm shattered.
He's had many unhappy experiences.
Who did you see at the station?
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary isn't happy.
Naoki is as old as Kaori.
I can't stand the heat.
He is driving at top speed.
He broke his left arm.
It is a pity that he has no sense of humor.
Everybody had a good time.
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.
That really whets my appetite.
When Mike returned to Jane's house, she was sleeping.
You have left a heavy impression on me.
Are you going to sit with Tom?
I have told you already.
Data compression algorithms can be classified in two categories: those with data loss and those without data loss.
He decided not to go to the party.
The child cried loudly.
Arsenal is my favourite football team.
I bought a newspaper written in English.
She gave me several books.
Even though I studied French for three years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
Kill him!
What do you want to know?
Umbrellas sell well.
We don't have too much time.
The money was hidden beneath the floorboards.
We speak Kabyle at home.
Our school is near the station.
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.
Bob met her grandfather early in the morning.
No matter where you go, the sky will always be the same color.
I'm asking her to wait a moment.
How often does that happen?
I don't know how I should do it.
What is it that Tom wants to eat?
He knows it.
You need to change at Shinjuku.
There is an old castle at the foot of the mountain.
His speech inspired all the boys.
She also likes chocolate.
My dream is to become an artist.
Who can say what will happen in the future?
It takes time to develop political awareness.
I was delayed by a traffic jam.
How is everybody?
I wouldn't object if you wanted to go with her.
I know that you're busy, too.
"Is she young?" "Yes."
He avenged the murder of his father.
Tell her that I am pruning the trees.
Do you have difficulty understanding what women or small children say to you?
There's no table in the room.
Everyone in the room checked their watches at the same time.
I will give you whatever you want.
The place you moved to is in such a good spot. Nowadays, everyone's looking for a good location and architecture for their house.
Laurie knows how to swim.
This is mine, and that's yours.
He knocked on the closed door.
The money has not been used up.
If I were you, I would study hard.
Why are you feigning innocence?!
I would like to tell you something.
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace.
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon.
My father cut wood with a saw.
Can you be more specific?
I'm going to tell you the truth.
Japanese manga and anime are popular around the world.
I found her letter in the mailbox.
Tom said that Mary should do that now.
The "man" that you saw is actually a woman.
I met him the day before yesterday.
I've been reading that book all afternoon.
Please wait five minutes.
He has a test next week.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
My parents don't approve of my girlfriend.
I had never heard about Lviv before.
They're all students.
Tom was on television last night.
I'll wait another five minutes.
He mentioned a problem.
You've gone too far.
There are many earthquakes in Japan.
Mike is the only man on the board.
My aunt gave me a camera.
When listening to a lecture, you should be quiet.
I saw the film in San Francisco last year.
She lives in comfort.
All this is true.
Please find a solution to the problem.
Tom used to live near Mary.
I think you're wrong.
Nobody can deny that the prisoner is guilty.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
Gold is similar in color to brass.
I'm trying to save room for dessert.
We'll talk about this in detail later.
Didn't you write a letter to him?
Can you express yourself in English?
I'd like to stay one more night. Is that possible?
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
His older brother is two years older than I.
He didn't say a word.
Smoking is not allowed inside the elevator.
He's my Mr. Right.
The population of Shanghai is as large as that of Tokyo.
"I've lost my wallet," John sighed.
Where can you get tickets?
I chose the wrong one.
Do you often have fish for dinner?
What is this?
You've put your hat on back to front.
Tom is a grumpy old man.
He is apt to be late.
It seems to have that he knows everything.
Are you going home?
Algeria doesn't have glaciers.
I find her very impressive.
Do you have a steady boyfriend?
The cat is black.
You've missed a bit.
I think he's innocent.
He threw a stone at the dog.
I should have known better than to call him.
She's complaining about this and that, again.
I haven't seen you in ages.
I hope that Mary passes the examination.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
He is a good fellow.
From a distance, this stone looks like a human face.
The bin is empty.
Did you cut the paper?
How could I possibly forget about the task that you've entrusted to me?
What'll tomorrow's weather be like?
We live in the neighborhood of the school.
He froze with fear when he saw the snake.
You're wearing your sweater inside out.
I ran as fast as possible to catch up with him.
They lied.
You should lose weight, because you are too fat.
She is my girlfriend.
I've decided that we won't go.
The family is the fundamental unit of society.
Beauty is only skin-deep.
American medical fees are very high.
A user should have freedom with respect to both hardware and software. An operating system should be open, not closed.
Ah, that reminds me of the old days!
The second lesson is very simple.
You want to watch a French film, is that right?
She often comes over to my place.
Sami checked the place.
I saw them walking arm in arm.
This question counts for 50 points.
It's not you that she loves, it's me.
I felt sad and lonely.
How many cars do you have?
I will wait.
They made us work all day long.
I had two cups of coffee.
The book is being written by my husband.
I have already finished the job.
If you are to know a nation, you must learn its history.
I am suffering from a bad cold.
I had no feeling in my fingers.
Tom is Mary's uncle.
There is no "masculine" way of learning.
What're you thinking about?
In the end, what must I really believe in?
You have already eaten.
The plane was unable to take off due to the storm.
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Are we making a nonstop flight to the U.S.?
Tom remained puzzled.
I'll try to meet your wishes.
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
I don't know what the next step is.
I don't feel much like talking.
He finally decided to get married.
I'm glad the thief was caught.
That trip is expensive.
If you don't like it, then don't eat it.
Follow your sister's example.
I don't care for Alice.
Hang that picture on the wall.
They met in Spain seven years ago.
Will you accompany me?
He borrowed a lot of money from him.
Her smooth entry into the ranks of the royal family will help to dispel these fears.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
He was awarded a grant to study in Germany.
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
Tom died in a traffic accident.
My passport was stolen.
What is the name of that river?
Should I help you?
More than 28 million Canadians were affected by privacy breaches last year.
This job doesn't pay.
Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
It's not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
We weren't able to find Tom.
He has powerful arms.
She plays golf every weekend.
Scary, isn't it?
Without the light of the sun, we could see nothing.
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife?
Quality is more important than quantity.
Xueyou is looking at the new pictures Renmei took in Beijing.
It has nothing to do with me.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
I don't eat pork, beef or eggs.
I call architecture frozen music.
Who're you looking for?
I am living with my uncle.
John cannot keep his family.
He is working.
Tom is strict.
Woe to the vanquished.
He married an air hostess.
Tom is my brother.
Technology will make a lot of progress in the nineties.
I completely forgot that there was class today!
This plastic chair is cheap.
He's a citizen of China.
I have two older sisters.
I sewed the dress with silk thread.
I'm sure that you'll succeed.
I think that it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
Maintain rational thought.
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.
He was able to solve the problem.
We really don't have time.
You haven't changed at all.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
What language is spoken in your country?
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them.
I am not as optimistic as you are.
Tom probably doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
That old man, let's just say, is a living dictionary.
I don't think you did this.
You have beautiful hair.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
It's freezing.
I think what you said makes sense, but I would rather not just follow your conditions.
They were surprised, weren't they?
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Next week I'm going to Vancouver to visit my sister.
It remains to be seen whether or not going to the United States to study is good for me.
What do you do normally?
The group is made up of six members.
He was cleaning his room.
Tom can't stand people like that.
I can describe China, especially in relation to big cities like Beijing, in one sentence - China is a country whose pace of life is both fast and leisurely.
I've never played football before.
He was kind enough to lend me some money.
It hasn't been easy.
Recently I attended the wedding of a Chinese friend. The bride and groom had been classmates at university, and both graduated from the Chinese faculty. They've already been together for five years.
Do you have laundry to do?
Tom knew what Mary intended to do.
It's the law: always buckle your safety belt in cars and airplanes.
You should not adulterate wine with water.
Have a good weekend!
People in the United States speak English.
Please take more care in the future.
I was struck by lightning.
He is rather an active person.
We are good friends.
Three streets, as well as a park and a hospital.
Tom isn't a vegan.
Walking along the street, I met an old friend.
The price of rice has plummeted.
Tom said that he thought he should study French.
I am going to France in Summer this Year.
I don't think my father is willing to lend us the car.
This story is based on actual events.
He won't get fat on his salary.
The teacher gave his pupils a tongue-lashing.
The music was very loud.
You can believe him. He's not an untrustworthy person.
Who gave this to you?
Be mindful of your actions when in a relationship.What may seem playful to you could really be harmful to your partner.
The love of democracy is that of equality.
What do you think of this plan?
The students stood waiting for a bus.
Allow me to explain.
The talks will deal with the problem of pollution.
Tom gave us something to talk about.
Tom is a little boy.
Have you already eaten at home?
I had my bicycle fixed yesterday.
That doesn’t count as making a mistake.
I saw her clean the room.
I got off at the wrong station.
Don't tell Tom the truth.
The man is writing in the notebook.
I speak Irish.
You made the same mistake as last time.
I had four children.
You know this is illegal, don't you?
We've got your size, but not in that colour.
Doing that is simply out of the question.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they're all covered up nowadays.
I promised him that I would come today.
How long have you known her for?
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This is never going to end.
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.
I'll phone you every night.
I wanted to stop Tom.
Do you have a hobby, Tom?
Can I use your telephone?
After the exam, we can relax.
I want to be as tall as Tom.
We didn't have much rain last month.
Try hard.
Hello! Are you still there?
Do I need X-rays?
We promise you that we'll never do it again.
The batteries don't work, even though they're new.
The machine was coated with dust.
I'm used to it.
Jiro seems to have missed the train.
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction.
You rarely ever wake up this early.
I'll stake my reputation on it.
Don't cut the cake with a knife.
I have no more than ten English books.
For now, I will wait at the hotel.
Harry couldn't keep up with the class.
Heaven knows why.
Are you a student?
Take anything you like.
The key is on the table.
Tom doesn't know why I'm here.
That was fabulous.
She was aching from head to foot.
Someone stole Tom's guitar.
Tom and Mary can't take care of themselves.
Your Chinese is awesome already.
He ought to be punished if he commits a crime.
My mother bought me a new bicycle.
This man is not reliable.
It's not my fault.
I'm going to miss you, too.
I helped mom cook.
It was very hot this afternoon.
Never forget to lock the door.
Even if you do not like it, you must take charge of it.
The original qipao covered most of a woman's body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
They wash their hands with soap.
The camera will cost at least $500.
Seriously though, episode 21 made me almost cry while laughing.
At first, he thought English very difficult, but now he thinks it is easy.
I wouldn't try that again.
There was scarcely any money left.
I know why Tom and Mary are sad.
In the English language many words contain letters which are not pronounced.
Let's stop at the next gas station.
My fingers are so numb with cold that I can't play the piano.
Animals can't choose to be vegan.
She will sometimes sit still for hours.
They may be playing in the park.
After two days our food gave out.
We had wonderful moments together.
The plane flew at an altitude of 3,000 meters.
Using a computer can save your time.
Where's the entrance to the museum?
Have you been eating?
It reveals local executives' ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day.
My mother is in the hospital now.
We must not laugh at the poor.
Argh, I was so embarrassed today. I wore my clothes inside-out.
Quite a few students are absent today.
It warms your heart when, while listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language — Slovak, Macedonian, or Slovenian — you hear words that you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
Can you help me call for a taxi?
Can you walk?
I hope he will wait for me.
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in 67 A.D. during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
I'm not a witch.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
Once you have begun to do something, never give up.
Marry first and love will follow.
What book do you plan on reading?
Jesus isn't God.
Foreigners astound me.
My travel fees to Japan are paid for by the university.
Impulsiveness is the devil.
Please tell me your name.
Judging from current situations, this task will not be finished until next week.
Do you wanna talk?
This could be fun.
I like geography and history.
She looked all around.
I can see a person, but I can't see any wolves.
We were astonished to hear what had happened.
Your answer isn't correct. Try again.
I'm busy all the time.
I am working at Alibaba.
The globe is similar in shape to an orange.
I feel exhausted because of jet lag.
I don't want to lose you again.
He has seven sons.
During the Dragon Boat Festival, there needs to be a dragon boat race.
Save the rainforest!
That's my coat.
It's on this point that our opinions differ.
How's everything at work?
How would you like your hair done?
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba, you should go ahead and blame Sysko.
Who would want to hire Tom?
He knows a lot about butterflies.
I listened to some CDs last night.
The teacher scolded his students severely.
Follow us on Twitter.
I'm from Groningen.
Excuse me, where is the taxi stand?
The students were for the most part from the West Coast.
You are everything to me.
It's my custom to go for a walk before breakfast.
When she heard the news, she sighed disappointedly.
I've scolded him many times.
She is reading a book in the library.
This is a defibrillator.
How far away is your school?
That aim is impossible to attain.
The parents named their baby Akira.
They had to work all year round.
Do you have a favorite color?
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
I didn't get the point of his speech.
Is your school far from your home?
Tomorrow I am going to the bookshop to buy books.
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.
He is about your age.
He hasn't answered my letter yet.
The food at this hot pot restaurant really tastes pretty good. Let's come here again next time.
I know that can't really happen.
My way of looking at things is not at all similar to other people's. For a long time, people have criticized my point of view.
If you do it a bit slower, it goes quicker.
It has been cold since yesterday.
She likes to get boys' attention.
I have a stomachache, doctor.
That young man is very keen on cycling.
Condoms offer protection against sexually transmitted diseases.
I must finish my homework in an hour.
What are you reading?
The vending machines are over there.
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart, funny and beautiful girl like you.
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.
Is his pulse regular?
Have you ever been hit by a car?
Time for dinner.
I met her at 8:30p.m at the cathedral.
Do they like oranges?
Tom knows you know.
I was already busy planning my vacation.
When is it convenient for you?
He is very honest.
He is a baseball player.
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
A fool's bolt is soon shot.
We will follow your demands and make the necessary corrections to those parts that need them.
The room has a seating capacity of 200.
You have to wait in line.
Each page is an adventure.
He didn't answer her question directly.
He paid double fare.
He doesn't tan.
Being a teacher is very hard work.
My uncle made a will last year.
I really love the sun.
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.
I used to live not too far from here.
The teacher confiscated a student's phone because he was texting in class.
What's love?
Be punctual.
The toilet doesn't flush properly.
I always kept my promises.
I know what you want to do.
What time will the train arrive in Yokohama?
Outside of working hours, you can get a hold of him through his private phone.
You are my saviour.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
Have you met him already?
I want to be a magician.
My father is going for a walk in the park.
Tom is Mary's son.
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
He was supposed to come.
Tom is a friend of mine.
Days are getting longer.
Don't get off the train till it stops.
They won't find Tom.
I have never heard of this actor.
Could you forgive me?
It is very difficult to master French in just two or three years.
So far as I know, he is an honest man.
If I could be like that...
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
Don't go out there, it's raining.
I love Natasha.
The soldiers occupied the building.
What are these people doing?
This is a good book, but that one is better.
They hugged each other.
Tom doesn't write to me anymore.
Tom sure talks a lot.
She is less intelligent than you.
Even times odd is even, odd times odd is odd.
I am thinking of going abroad next year.
Things are usually janus-faced. And these fanatics only see one side.
Give me something to do.
You seem to be an honest man.
I don't know either.
She'll love him forever.
Everyone is here now.
Tom washes the dishes for Mary.
Tom touched my elbow.
His brother takes studying seriously.
Did he go to Hangzhou with his dad?
Why do you guys always fight?
If it rains tonight, I am not going to go out.
Even a child could do it.
I am a shy boy.
He doesn't drink enough breast milk.
I give my word.
The vacation is close to an end.
She planted roses in the garden.
I have a frog in my throat.
Neither students nor teachers should ever stop learning.
Is it true Tom can't swim?
Do you like Chinese food?
He isn't actually the manager.
You shouldn't talk about people behind their backs.
I majored in chemistry at the university.
You're very alert.
The boy actually was going to do it.
And if I were gay, would that be a crime?
He is identical to his older brother.
In recent years, science has made remarkable progress.
My underwear is black.
Let's forget it for now.
I believe that his action was in the right.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon.
It's already eleven.
His house was struck by lightning.
It was cold in the infirmary.
Did you vote yet?
He chose to kiss up to someone, but stepped on a landmine instead.
I have to share this room with my friend at present.
Could you turn the telly down a bit?
She's determined to become a secretary.
When in Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
It is very cold here.
Tom doesn't want to study in Boston.
They would never meet again.
You're a good driver.
Tom knows nothing about the situation.
We discussed the plan yesterday.
Sports are good for your health.
Please don't tell him that I'm leaving.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
Ellen does not speak English.
He won a scholarship to study in Germany.
What do you think came to pass here?
I like going to watch baseball.
I don't like myself.
How long have you been in Japan?
"How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?" he inquired.
What is the depth of the lake?
Above all, be patient.
I only ate a bite of bread.
Hi! How are you?
The Germans are very crafty.
Wait for me.
Let's start the party.
We did it ourselves.
Is she a computer programmer?
Look up the word in your dictionary.
I invited a Chinese friend over to my apartment.
Kyoto is the former capital of Japan.
What does this do?
Do you know when she will come?
Who are you, anyway?
He was the first person to arrive.
My hobby is fishing.
Are you busy?
We should do our best.
He's strong.
He took a taxi to the station.
He tried speaking French to us.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
Tom made a choice.
I came upon an old friend of mine on the train.
Oh my God, you look so different!
The girl is small for her age.
You have very piercing eyes.
Can we catch the train?
My daughter likes egg yolks.
I can't get my tractor started.
I am a fan of the theater.
Sensing danger, he ran away.
Don't put anything on top of the box.
I thought Tom would refuse to do that.
She bought herself a pair of boots.
It's the middle of the night. Why aren't you asleep?
Eat a lot of vegetables.
Your son is dating my daughter.
Quite a few Americans like sushi.
Tom and I are long-time friends.
Mary bought herself a microscope.
God save Ukraine!
Put a record on the stereo.
Laser printers are generally cheaper to maintain than inkjet printers.
Bro, what's your last name?
This isn't salt.
Erdogan is the President of Turkey.
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.
Tom likes me the most.
Linguistics is a very interesting field.
Li Bai's work is the most famous of Chinese poetry.
He was always annoyed in the city by noises of one sort or another.
Is that a bat?
We know it's hard to quit smoking.
What book are you reading?
It was too difficult for me.
I love you so much, Mom!
Thanks for your gift.
Admission to the show is $5.
I don't know which key to use.
Women will have the last word.
You'd better start now.
Go to the patio.
2001 is the year when the 21st century begins.
Tom has just bought a new computer.
My mother is reading a magazine.
Mary's hands are always as cold as ice.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Sorry for telephoning you so early.
He does not have any friends.
The vacation is over now.
He likes wearing socks.
What did you do with that camera?
George was tricked into buying the land.
You should be good to your neighbors.
He studies hardest of all the students.
I don't care a bit about the future.
My name is Anna.
Could you recommend another hotel?
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties.
At what time do you eat breakfast?
A small rock was thrown into our camp.
Whose room is this?
He made his way to the room.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He is very stingy with his money.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Tom didn't tell me his secret.
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.
When will it be convenient for you?
You've got a great sense of humor.
Do you remember his telephone number?
So, how's the card used?
Your grammar is better than your breath.
Nobody believed what I said.
No one encouraged him.
Is that the railroad station?
Old birds sing, young birds twitter.
Beware of thieves.
I baked cookies.
It was a very traditional ceremony.
Water boils at 100 degrees.
I didn't get the train.
I'll never make it.
There are a lot of dictionaries in the bookcase.
English is spoken in Canada.
"Was anyone with you?" "No, I was by myself."
Tom was late for dinner.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
He likes to watch TV.
I heard him go down the stairs.
You've made progress.
Tom doesn't like football.
You ought to listen to your mother.
He says he'll correct it.
I remember seeing you last year.
The hunter killed the fox.
This book is full of mistakes.
I told them you were hungry.
All of his family work on a farm.
Do it right now, before you forget.
This watch is made in Japan.
He is my Mr Right.
Admission is $3.00 at the door.
The frog and I took turns guessing what the secret recipe was.
Leave me alone!
You drive me nuts!
To forgive others is an act of kindness to yourself.
Do you believe in eternal life after death?
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
I don't know and don't want to know.
"You can't answer my question with a question." "Why not?"
He was harshly criticized.
What do you think of this word's definition?
I can't stand this heat.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
I feel like singing in the rain.
Kelly carries the news department.
Tom is out on an errand.
There is an apple on the table.
I don't see what you're so concerned about.
Don't make me stand here.
See you.
You should take up golf.
Tom bumped his head on the roof of the car.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
Do you care what they think?
I'll go out after having dinner.
There! She comes!
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
You must be joking!
The car is driving quickly.
What are you hiding?
I'm looking forward to the party.
It is eating.
You can't have it both ways.
But you're not there.
The remark you made at the party about Lisa's weight was totally uncalled for.
If I wanted to scare you, I would tell you what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
I ate Tom's sandwich.
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy a man to do it.
I never dreamed that I would win first prize.
I am studying Chinese.
Thank you for your patience.
Tom doesn't seem to agree.
There’s no time!
He began to look for work.
Would you like to know who she is?
The beautiful girl is in bed.
He is very hard on lazy people.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
This lonely patient takes pleasure from sewing.
A crowd gathered at the scene.
I have no regrets about what I did.
Blind people sometimes develop a compensatory ability to sense the proximity of objects around them.
How come are you still not sleeping?
Tom is better at science than anyone else in his class.
I was just showering.
I want to go to Italy.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
Whose idea was it to call the police?
I hope you did not have any problem.
She doesn't like going to school.
I invited Jane to dinner.
Heat is a form of energy.
The damage is done.
Since then, he lives a tough life.
He became a popular singer.
The greater the difference between the null hypothesis and an outcome, and the larger the sample size, the more confident one can be that the outcome is meaningful.
Look, look! On the branch of the orange tree, there is a blue hermit crab!
Tell her where we've gone.
Is this your first visit to Japan?
Tom has asked us to help him.
I am a Muslim.
He is older than Jane by two years.
I want another beer.
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.
The school needed a new teacher.
I found the field trip very educational.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
She goes to the library every other day.
Tom is your little brother.
She came close to falling off the platform.
I will be back by nine.
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers.
I awoke from a dream.
I'll ask him if he's busy or not.
I love you, too.
Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love.
Grand opening sale.
The heater broke.
She goes to night school.
Billy is good at sports.
Smoking isn't allowed here.
I'm pretty sure Tom is the only one who can tell us what we need to know.
Fish is sold by the pound here.
The price of rice has come down.
Fire is always dangerous.
Tom will go back to Boston tomorrow.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
She's my wife.
He married an actress.
Boxing is not always a rough sport.
I ran as fast as I could, but I missed the train.
May I ask how old you are?
Try!
Please sing a song.
Tom doesn't like Boston.
Can you help me translate?
I'm not Swiss.
I went on holiday to Scotland this summer.
They must have arrived home by this time.
I'd like to attend the party.
Math is my favorite subject.
Skating is one of my hobbies.
I don't know where my crutches are. Have you seen them?
Are you out of bed?
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
If you don't want to go to that party, you don't have to.
I was so cold.
I don’t hate you, but I also don’t appreciate you. I have said this many times, I don’t need friends.
She was frequently late for school.
The last time I went to China, I visited Shanghai.
I'd be unhappy, but I wouldn't kill myself.
Be on your guard. He's not an easy one to fool.
How curious!
Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
Tom fell off his bicycle.
I haven't finished reading this book yet.
I don't know anything about her.
Tom isn't such a bad sort.
Ogai is his favorite author.
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing!
So you come from another planet?
There are 1,000 English words written down in this vocabulary book, and they all have to be memorized by July.
Dust got into one of my eyes.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
Doctor, please give this child first aid.
An army marches on its stomach.
Do you think there's a hope?
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Come along.
Teaching young children isn't easy.
Is he still interested?
Where is his house?
What's wrong with you?
It is I.
You went too far.
We know our rights.
Will he come?
I didn't finish my homework today, either.
Does she have a new computer?
I think that I now have enough money to buy the car I want.
The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
A very beautiful picture is hanging on the wall.
Eighty percent of all information on computers around the world is in English.
He was waiting a long time.
Only the cat is to blame.
I've got one brother and two sisters.
Switch on the light. I can't see anything.
An idea came to me.
I tried to open the door, and the doorknob came off.
What chocolate do you like to eat?
He is my classmate.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Will Tom do that by himself?
He is furious at what they have done to him.
The American government has always regarded England as America's house pet.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
There are two major political parties in the United States: the conservative Republican Party, and the liberal Democratic Party.
You were considerate not to disturb us.
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
If a high hill stood between A and B, it was important to decide whether the line should climb over it, pierce it with a tunnel, or make a detour to avoid it.
Can't think of an answer?
Turn on the radio, please.
Her name is Mary, she is my secretary.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
It's not quite certain.
Tom ate only one sandwich.
Of course I should read this book.
Dream.
I ate the meat.
How much is a ticket?
You're tired. I'm also tired.
You will not die.
The original purpose of the Silk Road was not for trade.
We have more important things to do right now.
Reading gives me great pleasure.
The Alpinists carried out the ascent, but they did not return safely.
I managed to make him understand it.
My cell phone doesn't have any reception.
Please let me off at the next stop.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.
"Whose pants are these?" "They are Ken's."
Is he graduating this year?
Why did you turn on the light?
If you want to change the world, then you should start with yourself.
They are not all poor.
Have you eaten dinner?
His office is past the bank on your left.
The food is ready.
I am in Lyon, but maybe I'll go to Paris for hunting a job.
If I were you, I would ignore it.
You had better go at once.
It's so late; we should go to sleep.
How do you feel about the issue?
Stop grumbling.
Walk two blocks, and turn left.
Where's the next train going?
She was susceptible to colds.
Have a nice weekend!
I have to ask you something.
I usually get up at 8.
He laid his bag on the table.
I love the month of Ramadan.
I must say, his behaviour is exemplary.
Gandhi was right.
They shone like stars in the dark, dirty building.
I was brought up by my grandmother.
My sister worked as a secretary before she got married.
Do you know why she's so angry?
If you want something to be done right, sometimes you've just got to do it yourself.
There was a lot of snow last winter.
If your children are being tiresome, you will feel time passing slowly.
I think I can.
Europeans are the world's largest consumers of alcohol.
I asked her if he liked Chinese food.
My hobby is collecting old bottles.
How did you get Tom to tell you that?
How do you like this whisky?
You should go get a physical examination from a doctor.
I'm not good at drawing, but I can write.
I will buy a new car next month.
Please have a look at this book.
My father died when I was seven years old.
Do not drink the water!
We hadn't had so much fun together for a long time.
This is a house to let, not to be sold.
You are selling him short.
I love apple juice.
I'm hungry.
Let's go to the hospital now.
You don't understand anything about it.
She especially likes to pursue questions till the very end.
I forgot that I met her last month.
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes.
I don't want you to die.
I think I drank too much.
I lived in Sasayama two years ago.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
Everybody knew that Tom could speak French well.
There was a drop in temperature after the rain.
I like to talk about tasty food with my friends.
Of course you'll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
She's not old enough to get a driving licence.
He married a pretty girl.
She seems to be very ill.
Science is fun.
He stuck to his promise.
I have a lot of problems at the moment.
I come from Shikoku.
What's this smell?
The gang was planning a robbery.
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
Some things I will never be able to learn in my lifetime.
She again told tales out of school.
I'm about to leave.
I used a map during my trip.
Sami and Layla chilled.
I'm here.
We learn Arabic.
I like bright colours.
My uncle lives in an apartment.
There are always some people who are unreasonable.
Paper is made from wood.
He'll come.
He has no chance of recovering.
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.
I can't find my watch.
Why didn't you come?
I got this.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
They must really hate me.
Do you drink a lot of milk?
Elephants live in Asia and Africa.
Nobody knows why she doesn't like me.
I can't write in Chinese.
She stared at the suspicious strangers.
It was right around here somewhere.
There's nothing important in the paper.
I see your mind's made up.
Tom hung his shirt on a coat hook.
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
Tom is in the living room.
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
A student should not lose sight of his own identity.
Tom broke up with Mary.
He always kept an open mind about his future career.
How many daughters do you have?
"Can I speak to Tom, please?" "I'm sorry, he just left."
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Can I have the menu again, please?
A present? For me? Thank you!
Tom told me he had lost his textbook.
I came from China.
I'm going to mow the lawn tomorrow, weather permitting.
All that which is invented, is true.
He substituted for his father.
Sorry, I don't have any money.
The sun gives us light and heat.
You hate Tom, don't you?
Must this letter be written in English?
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
He cannot be hungry; he has just had lunch.
There was some chewing gum on the sole of Tom's shoe.
Time has passed very fast.
Oh! I know this man!
Yesterday morning I saw many birds.
The accident seemed to have something to do with the heavy snow.
It seems totally impossible.
I can't fall asleep.
He tried to kill himself.
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
People who cannot find time for recreation are obliged sooner or later to find time for illness.
After ten minutes, they passed on to a new topic.
Married people sometimes wish they were single.
Tom rolled down his window.
Soldiers are used to danger.
Have you heard her speaking English?
My baggage is missing.
Tom realized he had lost his wallet.
Last night I barfed.
We've got what we need.
What does this stand for?
I rejected the offer.
I am too busy to go.
Tom asked me if I liked chocolate.
Cheques are made from paper.
We were surprised at the news.
I never expected I would end up crying today.
Hanako forgot her umbrella again.
I've already tried that.
As human beings are social animals, friendship is an essential part of life.
Things that you see with your eyes are not necessarily true.
Please close the door quietly.
In fact, she lied.
Let me see what it looks like.
Tom gave Mary a nice present.
It is said that his father died in a foreign country.
Is this seat free?
They are Christians.
He went to Urumqi on Monday and came back here the next day.
Has the fever gone down?
This word has two meanings.
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
Our school has ten classes.
The clothes she wears are always plain.
Tom is your younger brother.
He is British.
Mary isn't really sick; she's only putting it on.
He's just a normal junior high school student, not particularly intelligent.
His cell phone was turned off.
She laid the work on him.
My son told my wife, "Mom, pick me up at the door to the nursery school at five forty-five in the afternoon, and don't be late!"
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?
What do you usually do in your free time?
Mary is two months pregnant.
What did that cost?
He went out in spite of the rain.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
This isn't the type that I like.
The physician prescribed his patient some medicine.
My writing desk, a place of dread: an incredible number of incredibly useful drawers - combined with incredibly little legspace.
It's a cheap restaurant.
It's snowing outside.
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday.
No other dog is bigger than this.
Climb aboard!
Is it OK if we don't go to Costco this time?
I explained the process to him.
If you don't let me go, I'll still go.
To change the units from metric to imperial and vice versa, the 'menu' button must be clicked.
I don't know why the meeting was postponed, either.
His influence extends all over the country.
I do not know how to use it.
You had better stop seeing her.
It's out of the question.
Can it be that you don't have a bit of creativity, to the point of always inventing the same apology?
I'm very lonely.
Meet me there.
I'm going to help you rescue Tom.
She's not yet heard the news.
Tom's bicycle was stolen yesterday.
She gets up early every morning.
What are you doing tomorrow?
I stay at home on Sundays.
I'm sorry I misunderstood you.
We found that everyone was asleep.
She's a strange, enigmatic and inspiring poet.
We had lunch early.
He has a habit of looking down on coloured people.
I was happy to see her again.
Why did you want to become a teacher?
This is my horse.
I'm really tired today.
I've woken up and I intend to prepare my breakfast.
Tom told me that I shouldn't ever do that.
I don't agree with you on this point.
Almost all the doors were closed.
Tom said he keeps a gun in his home.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
English is spoken in Singapore.
Japan is situated in Asia.
I'd rather stay than go.
I told Tom I was OK.
Algiers is a bustling city of over three million people.
Children should keep away from the river. It's dangerous.
How did Tom talk Mary into babysitting his children?
There's a possibility you'll have to do that.
We had a large audience.
If a person has not had a chance to acquire his target language by the time he's an adult, he's unlikely to be able to reach native speaker level in that language.
He wants affection.
It seems that something has happened.
Oleg went to Rima’s house.
This chapter is the heart of the novel.
I didn't really feel like going skiing.
It may occur at any moment.
Shouldn't you go to school today?
This boy is very good at using the knife and fork.
No arrests were ever made.
That's an original idea.
Chinese is harder than other foreign languages.
Mary isn't as active as her sister.
Tom is a very good singer.
I understand it a little, but I can't speak it.
This is how I made the machine.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
I do not trust a single word that comes out of their mouths.
Sheep eat grass.
While I was reading, I fell asleep.
I don't want to discuss it.
Get out!
It's a weapon.
It was very cold yesterday morning.
Safety is the most important thing.
Would you please replace the broken one promptly?
Eat it.
We didn't start the fire.
Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
The station is nearby.
The bank secured the city from a flood.
I whispered to her quietly "Don't be afraid, I'm here."
If you're tired, then go to bed!
I don't want Tom seeing this.
Idiot!
We swam until it got dark.
I like your way of smiling.
He isn't home.
Let's stop off and see a movie.
Who was radium discovered by?
It is a must to guess lantern riddles during the Lantern Festival.
My cellphone fell on the floor.
Where can I buy tickets?
I have my feet firmly planted on the ground.
Yesterday evening we heard the President talk on television.
Some people think that French is a difficult language.
The area around the melting ice cream was crawling with ants.
He is absorbed in his research.
I don't like dirty animals. Especially those animals that smear urine on their bodies.
Do you take part in any community activities?
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
Tom ate only three carrots for lunch.
Don't give me that crap!
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.
You should do that straight away.
I'm Paul, your roommate.
Move it up.
I didn't miss them.
It took me three hours to do my homework.
The yacht sailed around a buoy.
I don't understand German at all.
When a team makes its entrance, the captain leads the way.
I'm scared shitless.
I'll ask them.
Tom is on the loo.
I'll give you a painkilling injection.
I'm happy.
Tom was puzzled by what Mary said.
Sometimes politics is really hard to avoid.
We go to school to study.
Why are there no taxis at the station today?
Will you help me give out the programs to those people?
Haven't we met before?
Come back.
How many Chinese characters can you write?
I was in the mountains.
Tom looks pale.
The beer mug is almost bigger than you are.
Take off your clothes!
It belongs to my brother.
Chestnuts have to be boiled for at least fifteen minutes.
Tom is playing outside.
You've disappointed me a lot.
I'll pay you back next week.
I could hear dogs barking all night.
Drink tea.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
You didn't have any reasons to be angry.
I plan to watch a game at the baseball field the day after tomorrow.
I studied English when I was there.
They refuse to integrate.
She arrived late as usual.
Back off!
Do you ever dream about flying through the sky?
The explosion that followed killed many people.
See you on Sunday!
Would you like some scrambled egg?
Must I go there at once?
We must work as long as we live.
I heard it on the radio.
You should be able to judge when you've had too much to drink.
My parents sent me a postcard.
May I eat this?
She is making progress with her English.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
I spread cheese on bread.
I'm here on business.
This car is my father's, but soon it will be mine.
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother.
Please accept this little gift.
No man can live to be two hundred years old.
It's not far from here to there.
Normally speaking, Chinese people consider rice to be an important food; the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food.
I'll do what I can to help you.
Hello! I'm called Xiaoyu.
She had just come home when I called.
I studied in the morning during the summer vacation.
I plan to go to Canada next year.
I have already finished this book.
Tom comes here practically every day.
Why do women want to sleep in a man's embrace?
I'm sorry to always be bothering you.
That won't ever happen.
What do you say to taking a rest?
I'll bet you a hundred dollars that Tom is gay.
How much is this hat?
Tom is taller than his mother.
That's my toothbrush.
Have you ever loved a man?
I think that I'm intelligent.
We listened with great care, not missing a single word.
Raise your hand when I call your name.
Rich people can do what they want.
That responsibility is a burden to him.
I have no money at all.
I often played tennis when I was young.
I hardly ever go to the cinema.
Sorry, but there's no way it's happening without a condom.
I really just want to make friends.
Don't come here!
Kissing a person who smokes is like licking an ashtray.
She left her umbrella in the train.
Cut the potatoes.
The contract is in the bag, so let's go out and celebrate.
They made us work all night.
Of course he's innocent.
I feel comfortable.
I've been busy writing a short story.
I don't understand what he's saying.
Sometimes I hate myself.
I'd rather have no money but find love.
We are learning Spanish.
You can't speak English, can you?
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
You have gone too far.
He closed the window for fear of rain.
I don't think it's going to be easy to find Tom.
I need more money.
That's a good idea.
The next morning, to our great relief, he returned home safe and sound.
There are seven men and four women in my section.
Yesterday was the last day of school.
Some foods make you thirsty.
We take it for granted that he will succeed in his business.
The school is on top of the hill.
There is an apple under the desk.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
Keep it up!
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
I am single.
Thankfully she did not die.
I really like Hebrew.
Up to last week, I hadn't received a reply.
She must be over eighty.
Tom laid the newspaper on the table.
Did you meet her?
I was almost hit by a car.
I'll lend you the book, provided you return it next week.
America is ahead in space technology.
He fired three shots.
Come and take a look.
Return at once.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
We don't need anyone else.
This boat has six oars.
It has been found that smoking is bad for your health.
Give me a kilogram of peaches.
I study English and Japanese.
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
Germany was once allied with Italy.
Water the flowers before you have breakfast.
How pitiful!
Where can I park?
You might at least say "thank you."
Tom is eating.
He is the one we were looking for.
We both won.
He left his glasses at our place.
When are you going to quit smoking?
Give him an inch and he'll take a yard.
This is something I must face alone.
Were the windows closed?
Ken has been to England before.
Riding a horse is really thrilling.
I thought you knew.
I am thirty years old.
What did you do during the holidays?
It seems that he knows everything.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
Tim's motorbike is far more expensive than mine is.
He stood there for a while.
What do we eat tonight?
At last, he realized his error.
No one could tell where she was.
Do you want this job or not?
I helped him yesterday.
Today is Sunday.
She really wants to go.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland isn't.
The cow cast a calf.
Sorry to be late.
Could you sign here?
I feel lonely.
Sometimes Dennis is really crazy.
Did you hear about what's happened to Tom?
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
He wrote me a long letter.
He handed the letter to the secretary.
The moon landing was a monumental achievement.
I will stay until tomorrow.
We played basketball in the gym.
I have some pictures to show you.
She isn't old enough to get a driving licence.
I'd like you to go there.
I attempted to solve the problem.
See you again.
After all, even the gods may err at times.
The project was a complete failure.
She put two pairs of sheer tights in the suitcase.
Tom is hiding a terrible secret.
He had a cold, but he went to work.
Eat slowly.
I regret becoming a teacher.
I am plowing my land.
I know that you're richer than I am.
I am a good boy.
Sami needs to try again.
She made believe that she was sick.
Tom picked up a pencil.
I think Tom really likes Mary.
We are eating bread.
It's not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
It's not good manners speaking during the meal.
My father goes to work by bike.
Ted likes playing the trumpet.
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
Dreaming is free.
A good idea occurred to me just then.
This is my school.
He has done it before.
They can conquer their fear.
We were in danger of losing our lives.
I like to travel by train.
The universe is about 13.75 milliard years old.
How can I get to the hospital by bus?
Do you think you could do better?
There was a lot of excitement in the stands as the fans cheered for their teams.
Tomorrow is the first time I will accompany the Chinese delegation, and I'm extremely nervous.
The prince succeeded to the throne.
The kitchen is on the first floor.
Is it too salty?
He was deeply touched by the story.
He lives inside an apple.
I played soccer yesterday.
Owls are my favorite animals.
She's weak by nature.
He is superior to me in English.
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
Tom loves you.
What a bastard!
My father has never been abroad.
Mr. Kato teaches us English.
Mike is the team's captain.
Please explain how to get there.
Japan has an economy that is supported by hard-working company employees in big cities.
We have had lots of typhoons this fall.
He asked me to help him.
That can't be it.
She can speak Spanish well.
I'll eat almost anything, but I'm very fickle when it comes to cheese.
She's busy now, so she can't talk with you.
"He went out to see a movie." "How was the movie?" "Good."
Tom is fearless.
My father will come home at seven.
We suspect him of telling a lie.
The boy fell off the bed.
I play tennis an hour a day.
There are more than 4000 languages in the world.
I can't concentrate. Do you mind turning off the TV?
John is clever.
Kate keeps a dog.
They dropped out of school.
I saw a lot of buses.
It was a lovely autumn evening.
Tom always seems to be working.
I voted for Ken.
Tom's the only guy in this class.
No, if you do not start practising from now onwards, it would be too late.
You can use that phone.
I said we're doing a staring contest!
He's learning German.
You don't like love stories, do you?
Please don't do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
I demanded that she should go.
He doesn't exist.
As is evident from the data, smoking is not decreasing among the young.
I didn't say a word.
Couldn't we wait a little longer?
I can't quite figure out what that chord around 1:58 is. Can somebody help me out?
Tom got fat.
My way is action not words.
It took me 2 hours to finish the essay.
Staying up late is terrible for your skin.
I hit Tom.
I know John – we're colleagues.
You're even taller than I am.
This store is currently selling vegetables.
I'm ready. And you?
It's time to talk.
Their love has gone to the next level.
All I did was run a little and now my knees are wobbly.
I have something important to talk about with you.
This castle is more beautiful than that.
I have nothing else to tell you.
This desk is used by me.
Your second button is coming off.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Tom wants me to join his team.
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
Tom set the bird free.
We need fire.
When he saw a policeman coming, he began to run like anything.
Where do you attend high school?
She seems to have known the secret.
Be careful what you say.
Choose one from among these.
We calculated that we could reach the place within two weeks.
I think, therefore I am.
The dog fell asleep on top of the blanket.
I hate the internet.
The swimming pool is at the roof of the hotel.
What place were you just talking about?
It wasn't you who told me about this.
He's straight.
He ordered me to go to bed early.
I pricked up my ears.
In the evening quiet, we enjoy the song of the euphonious nightingale.
I am from Brazil, and you?
This dress is a good bargain.
Tom wants to leave.
We went to Russia.
What did the experimental set-up look like? What was connected to what and how?
If he doesn't agree, he can just say so.
If you can lend me some money, I would be very grateful.
Tom and Mary need to take their medication.
I can't see anything.
It was really cheap.
Tom was crying.
It was a long time ago.
That's why I told you not to go by car.
Could you please talk a bit louder? I can't hear very well.
He loves to party.
Their apples aren't as tasty as ours.
Tom couldn't swim.
I have hiccups.
Everyone loves that place.
Bee stings can be very painful.
What were you doing that moment?
I went for a walk in the park.
He should apologize for being rude to the guests.
Do you have tinnitus?
We need an ambulance.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
Though I am tired, I will work hard.
Tom had to sell his house.
Has Tom been fired?
We have a lot of problems to deal with.
I knew about that.
We're going to climb that mountain.
I ate it once two years ago.
A woman is ever fickle and changeable.
We cleaned the bath.
The bird vanished from view.
Hold your horses, young man.
This is your victory.
You certainly play the piano well.
She said that she was a little tired.
It's Monday today.
I agree with that.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
Wang and Li get along well.
The registration period is already over.
He ate all of the apple.
I'm not at all tired.
This isn't expensive.
I don't want him to touch me.
Who?
We're both reasonable people.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
Whichever way we choose will involve danger.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the darkness.
But Tatoeba Project is not a word heaven. Please stop adding words.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
There's something we need to talk about.
We're out of tissue paper, so I need to go buy some.
That's logical.
I don't know what Tom is waiting for.
What's happened?
I met a certain Mr Smith.
In general, consumers prefer quantity to quality.
It is not easy to distinguish good from evil.
I take a bath every day.
When I first met Tom, I didn't like him much.
What happened? The car's slowing down.
I'm single.
The climate here is very similar to that in England.
Can you tell me where the nearest antique shop is?
He's buying apples.
It would be great if that were true.
He is determined to go to England.
Will you sell your car to me?
It was you that suggested seeing that movie.
Your plan is sure to succeed.
Boy Scouts need to do one good deed every day.
I found it by chance.
It's been raining since last Thursday.
Everybody rushed towards us.
He managed to pass his driving test even though he was a poor driver.
You don't know how to do that, do you?
I really don't sing.
You're not to leave this room.
The train's in.
I like music, especially classical music.
Mary is the prettiest girl in her class.
Tom didn't want to work with Mary.
Did you see my father?
Please drink tea.
"Dad, this a real sword?" "Of course, it is a duel after all."
The world is full of fools.
When she saw me, she was embarrassed.
How fast Tom speaks!
When will she get home?
Do you have younger brothers?
We'd still never been to a Chinese person's wedding.
Ten prisoners broke out of jail.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
I am 30 years old now.
Europe, with its four distinct seasons, is the most suitable environment for the human race to live in.
I repeated the word several times for her.
He is very smart.
I am allergic to milk.
Who is on your table?
We do what we want to do.
Do you know who painted this picture?
Yes, as far as I know.
He got up earlier than usual.
We're very disappointed in you.
Can you write a letter in English?
Close your eyes.
They bought a box of cookies.
Could you turn the volume down?
Show me an example.
Lucas used a stolen credit card.
Tom and I attend the same secondary school.
Please wait a moment.
"Let's go," he said to me.
Life would be so much better if you didn't care so much.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
I stayed home all day long reading novels.
My cat likes my keyboard.
I got hurt today.
With a high, closed collar, figure-hugging cut, and large slits at either side of a straight skirt, the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness.
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers.
May I eat a little of it?
Dick is occasionally late to school.
You should be more careful with what you speak about.
You're a strange girl.
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.
I could barely get out of bed yesterday.
We wear a uniform at school.
If you lose your way, ask a policeman.
He learned how to swim.
He's got to be here.
She introduced me to her brother.
Make sure that the child is not sick.
That bridge isn't long.
What you said doesn't make sense.
She's even more hardworking than you are.
The dog is under the table.
She has seven children.
Christianity is an Abrahamic religion.
No matter how hard the training was, she never cried.
No gratuity accepted.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
How did you do that?
This should be attempted.
Tom wants to tell you something.
I got my bicycle repaired yesterday.
Tom told me he'd be right back.
His wife is quite a talented woman.
Tom wished he could understand French.
I need glue.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
Ted waited for her for a long time.
Tom wants money.
Miss Ito made her students work hard.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
These are my books.
Please make three copies of each page.
I don't have money now.
Ken talked with his friends yesterday.
I fell.
His pronunciation is far from perfect.
He has had a crush on her.
We cleared a path through the woods.
I find politics very interesting.
Isn't it black?
I bought these medications for my father.
Do you want any of these flowers?
I'm not very good at drawing.
Her life goal is to marry a rich man.
He pushed the emergency button.
I am familiar with him.
In Christianity, Jesus is believed to be the son of God.
We will soon be ready for the party.
See you about 7.
I was at home then.
She's good at handling children.
English is a means of communication.
I am so exhausted because I have padded the hoof for 4 hours.
They traveled together.
Tom said that he's glad he could do that.
I had a weird dream last night.
It's well done.
Tom didn't know who it was.
You don't like gambling, do you?
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
It's because of you that we were late.
The movie is worth seeing at least two or three times.
I'm sad.
Mrs. Brown wrote a book on politics.
Do you want to go somewhere?
Tom doesn't know if Mary is happy or not.
I'm glad to know you.
He doesn't understand me.
Tom wanted to comfort Mary.
He went to London via Paris.
They were buried in a mass grave.
I've forgotten to post the letter.
I didn't know that he was there.
That's impossible!
How is it going?
I should have gone to bed earlier last night.
I will send you to Jesus.
Stuff happens.
What do you need?
The boat can still be seen.
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.
Mary put something in her mouth.
She traveled around the world.
She wanted to help them.
You may go anywhere you like.
I have high blood pressure.
Please remember me to all your family.
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
This company manufactures computer chips.
I have never been able to understand the joy of watching soccer, haha.
The poet expressed his burning passion for the woman he loved.
Oranges aren't as cheap as bananas.
Sami is from the South.
I'm sure you'll do great.
No doubt.
Does it have a toilet?
The sun doesn't shine at night.
Have you ever been to Canada?
How kind of him to help us move on such a rainy day!
He likes to get on the horse and go out.
As he has done a lot of bad things, we can conclude that he is a bad person.
I'd like a room in the front.
Meat or fish?
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
The dodo is an already extinct species.
I've already been working here for several hours.
I will have read Hamlet three times if I read it again.
No need to say anything more. How about we go to Zhouzhuang?
What's her nationality?
Can you tell me how to get to the train station?
She refused my offer to help her.
I want you to know I tried to stop Tom.
You shouldn't wait here.
Tom isn't watching TV now.
I cannot bear her endless love.
He is afraid of Father.
Without water, we can not survive.
What did you learn at school today?
He is looking forward to it.
The economy progressed slowly.
Do you remember where we first met?
I know what I did was wrong.
His argument is rational.
You look very pale.
The old man died from hunger.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
You're in better shape than I am.
If you teach me Japanese, I'll teach you Spanish.
It makes no difference to me.
What are they laughing at?
Mary and John both can't swim.
Where did you have your picture taken?
I regard myself as your guardian.
I have never heard him lie.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
They are at lunch.
I created a shortcut on the desktop.
The sun is rising.
Please take a deep breath.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
Through the lens the image was inverted.
Sadako smiled at them.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.
The opening ceremony of the Olympics has already begun.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
Good job!
Other people aren't interested.
Can you explain how this machine works?
After the exam we compared the answers we'd written.
I was quite thirsty and wanted to drink something cool.
We tried it out yesterday; as expected, it was really good.
Tom drank my apple juice.
Don't keep criticizing me!
Sam needed to prove that.
Tom cut himself.
May I sit next to you?
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
There's still a lot to be done.
How much time does it take?
They're playing chess.
The ritual was completed.
Man is the hunter, woman is his game.
Why is change so hard?
You did what was necessary.
We got permission to park here.
It is impossible to master English in a short time.
What happened that night?
As far as she goes, yea, she does have those few faults, but it's just those faults of hers that make me like her even more.
She is as beautiful as Snow White.
Would you be so kind as to repeat that?
I'm not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
She has a passion for cake.
It's not something I'm very good at.
He tried to cheer up his wife, but wasn't able to.
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My brother will often sit up all night.
She left here in a hurry.
A Japanese wouldn't do such a thing.
He's always burning the midnight oil.
Knowledge is not heritable.
I planted a peach tree in my yard.
His brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life.
I can't speak Japanese.
He knows how to make a radio.
I would often take part in an English speech contest in my school days.
I'm going to the restroom.
He is always drunk!
I am Paul, your flatmate.
The school is on the hill.
By intuition he knew she was lying.
This ticket is valid for three days.
The metro station is quite far.
He will be coming to the party.
Tom is ill at ease among strangers.
He gave a nice present to me.
I'm old.
I'm not accustomed to such treatment.
Why did you do that to her?
The doctor cured her of her disease.
She is eager to live in Australia.
Gone forever.
When will it suit you to start?
This flower smells sweet.
You will never become a computer scientist.
We went to the park to play.
How much is the ticket?
If you are tired, go to bed.
It may freeze next week.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen's teeth around here.
"What did Tom say?" "I don't know. I don't speak Tom."
I bought it for ten dollars.
The wind calmed down.
It is a nice view from here.
He loves taking trips.
I was feeling blue all day.
He is ashamed to ask questions.
I like drizzles, not rainstorms.
I heard a car pull up.
I have a lot of books.
It's an hour's walk to the station.
My son can count up to a hundred now.
Once bitten, twice shy.
Tom used a fire extinguisher to try and put the fire out.
Cool the burned finger in running water.
You are pale.
His body shivered with excitement.
She does not eat cake, so as not to put on any more weight.
Dozens of people were killed in a train accident in London.
I'm learning Chinese.
Pay attention!
Put it back on the desk.
Tom left the country.
You don't need to thank me.
She sat down and lit a cigarette.
Don't be too strict. They're just kids.
Do I know you?
May I speak to you a minute?
When did you tell me?
I'm waiting for her to answer me.
Even though he is my neighbour, I did not know him well.
Japan is rich in beautiful scenery.
His request is as follows.
I felt hungry.
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Will you send for a doctor?
I have a new red car.
He betrayed me.
Don't let opportunities pass by.
Tom just does what he's told to do.
The radio was invented by Marconi.
The humble man is getting along with his neighbors.
One can't earn too much money.
If you want to learn Chinese well, you can study in China.
I don't know if it'll rain tomorrow.
In the last World Cup, New Zealand was knocked out of the competition by Mexico.
I have been in Japan for two months.
I am not happy.
Did you have a good time?
Tom is studying to become a marine biologist.
Are you hiding something?
I haven't been getting enough sleep lately.
The rain lasted a week.
I went to the cinema yesterday.
Tom has a girlfriend in Boston.
You don't need to do it right away.
I can hear it.
I'd like your help.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can't fight should guard, those who can't guard should flee, those who can't flee should surrender, and those who can't surrender should die.
Confirm the order.
What is your favorite proverb?
I've already visited Australia.
Tom declined to give details.
Sicily is an island.
George, if you are not listening to the radio, turn it off.
They closed their eyes.
Tom was fired in October.
I still haven't finished my homework.
Weather's pretty nice tonight.
I agree with you on this point.
It's Thursday.
I thought you said something.
What does that mean in Arabic?
Before going to France we decided to study French.
If you do not go fishing tomorrow, I will not either.
I am not married.
Tom is a good worker.
There's narrow road to the village.
You'll be all right again in a couple of days.
Completing this project would require the cooperation of multiple parties.
Our friend lost their mother.
I also heard a similar story.
I love the taste of watermelon.
I really want to learn Japanese too.
Is there a post office around here?
I also know that Tom isn't stupid.
By switching your lover from 3D to 2D, you may successfully reduce all social-interaction-related costs.
Tom decided to stay behind.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
Tom always meddles in affairs that do not concern him.
You continue making the same mistakes time after time.
You are already dead!
Nothing is really guaranteed.
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.
The book is easy.
In relation to this, I am to blame.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
Your bag is on my desk.
I don't want to, either.
He has a fear of flying.
I've been to the seaside by car.
She never phoned me.
You're the first.
He was very busy all day.
In the scorching heat, the cat is spread out lethargically on the ground.
I have a high opinion of this book.
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
Despite me wanting to go to this place for a long time, I never had the courage to actualize my dream.
Don't talk to me like that.
Don't leave me alone!
It is really time for us to go.
America is a country of immigrants.
Let's decide with a coin toss.
Close the fucking door!
She's wearing red.
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it.
Don't forget us.
I chose this dictionary of my own accord.
He pressured me.
All plants need water and light.
Why is Tom still at school?
I'll boil the potatoes for you.
It's been raining since last night.
They love coffee.
I wake him up at six o'clock in the morning every day.
It was all more and more surprising.
I'll give you a present.
Thank you for drawing a bird for me.
You're about three days late.
After supper, I washed the dishes.
I had a vision.
Is this jasmine tea?
Tom hasn't yet talked to Mary about that.
In my soul there are many places that are cynical and arrogant, but at its core, it fears the darkness and is as weak as a sheep.
When I first came back to Boston, I was really lonely.
Hanako likes cake very much.
That country abounds in oil.
I'm ill.
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Why are you angry?
Tom is playing with my dog.
Yes, there are. How many of you are there, Sir?
Originally, you were very stubborn.
My notebook is pink.
May I be excused from tomorrow's class?
It's my belief that knowledge is power.
Tom fell asleep in class.
The doctor used X-rays to examine my stomach.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
He broke up the chair for firewood.
Where will we go afterwards?
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
Excuse me.
Don't let anyone enter the room.
She is about as tall as me.
Your parents didn't come, did they?
I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
Read my lips, no new taxes!
There is nothing scarier than death.
I am a vegetarian.
I want to attend the party on November 1st.
I couldn't make myself understood.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
Do you know how old Miss Nakano is?
I must apologize to you for breaking the vase.
It'll soon be a year that Tom and Jane have known one another.
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.
Fred wrote his mother a long letter.
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
Do you think I don't know what I'm doing?
I want to eat something Korean.
I don't think that it's going to be easy to find Tom.
Traffic lights are used to regulate traffic.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
He crept out of the room very carefully to avoid waking her up.
Tom told me that he'd give me that book if I wanted it.
I'm trying to think of a better plan.
How's it going lately?
For one reason or another their holiday in France didn't come up to expectations.
Tom had to go himself.
Can we effect a compromise?
She married me last year.
I'm sick of eating fast food.
We go fishing from time to time.
He is getting better bit by bit.
You cannot die.
Come, I'll serve some for you.
He is reputed the best lawyer in this city.
You need to clean your room.
Thank you for your reply.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
I started to write a book.
We have become accustomed to the cold.
I really enjoyed myself tonight.
Is she married?
Choose your favorite racket.
I returned home by train.
They can't be right.
This is not very stylish.
He is the tallest boy.
I hope you'll get better soon.
I can't sleep.
It is no wonder that he failed.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to do that.
Were you serious about that?
Lend it to him.
We met in front of the school.
Did you see it?
I wasn't wearing a uniform.
She's very obstinate.
I need you to promise that you'll do what I ask you to do.
I ate breakfast at eight.
Have you got a pencil?
Can I see that one?
There isn't any milk in the glass.
I have to write a bit.
Don't ask questions. Just follow me.
Tom can do so much better than I can.
Do you study every day?
I'd better do it right now.
That old guy is really nice.
I just stayed at home and watched TV.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you.
I want to go there once more.
The monster's smile was cruel.
Mary is going to help us tomorrow.
She tied up the package with string.
I have numerous books on my bookshelf.
Their names are Tom and Ken.
Please make sure that the door is locked.
We're having difficulty locating Tom.
No, I don't have time for chitchat.
The wound will not stop bleeding.
She put the comb in the drawer.
I am fat.
Positive thinking is a way of living.
Where is the emergency exit?
It is very impolite of her to decline our invitation.
Today is one of my friends' birthday.
You're a bug.
Draw a circle.
It's not at all easy to master French.
I expect you to be punctual.
Breathe through your nose, not your mouth.
I stayed for a while.
May I have a glass of water?
It amazed us that she had been to Brazil alone.
Tom should have finished it by now.
Tom and Mary said they're very happy.
I didn't feel bad.
The television doesn't work.
My uncle has 3 children.
I attend the same secondary school as Tom.
Where does he want to go?
You start working at nine.
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity.
Cultures of the East and the West meet together in this country.
Take a peek!
My name's Tom.
We should've stayed at home.
Tom wrote us postcards.
It's human nature.
She waited patiently for him.
Which t-shirt is red?
This watch is waterproof.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
It's not your style.
Tom turned red.
Times are changing.
The climate of New Zealand is similar to that of Japan.
I'm going to fail the class!
We work in a factory.
I admit that this may not be the best way of doing it.
I would always go swimming in the sea when I was little.
Have you checked our supplies recently?
Tom needs to see you in ten minutes.
Very few people live to be 100.
Do you know how to cook meat?
We'll be in Boston for another three weeks.
You'd better not walk around in such a place.
Please do not take photos here.
Pleasure is always in the past or in the future, never in the present.
He doesn't have long to live.
I have never believed that war is good.
A slight cold prevented me from going to Ibusuki with my family.
If the food isn't good, I am very sorry.
Call me at 9:00 tomorrow.
Tell them I love him.
Tom stayed in Australia for three years.
He's an excellent tennis player.
In front of you, you can see Tiananmen Square.
He pulled aside to let a truck pass.
Which team do you think will win?
They go camping every summer.
Karakorum is the early capital city of Mongolia.
Please bring me my bill.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
I may go to Australia next month.
Maybe it is true.
You have a way with words.
Tom and my secret came to light.
London is different from Tokyo climatically.
Despite everything he is still playing dumb.
She bought two pairs of polka dot stockings.
Please don't look at me like that.
A word is enough to a wise man.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
I'll come and pick you up at three.
She invited Tom and me to the party.
I'll wait for you in front of the school.
The weather became colder.
Her dad won't come, he is very busy.
John finished the work at the expense of his health.
The space race was an exciting time in history.
I didn't suspect anything.
Tom is the tallest in his family.
I'm not a man!
"Are we disturbing you?" "No, not at all! Come and sit down."
I can't hide my feelings.
I can't stand him.
Ow!
I'm coming!
That problem has been shelved for the time being.
Were there any stars in the sky?
Our train stopped suddenly.
The beer has gone flat.
Tom is very annoying, isn't he?
I'm busy looking for an apartment.
I feel like taking a bath now.
He studies much harder than before.
Mr. Brown made his son learn Chinese.
Give me the same, please.
Did you bring a hair dryer?
She applied for a job at the company that had not only bribed local officials but also caused huge problems for her own family.
Where are you from in Canada?
It's fun to learn about foreign cultures.
Why do you resent me?
He may come tomorrow afternoon.
Tom always has the cutest profile pictures.
I forgot to phone him.
I really like what I do.
Tell me what this means.
I've heard her story before.
There are holes in the ceiling.
Your behavior leaves much to be desired.
The drug problem is international.
I don't know what to do now.
I feel like crying.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary this morning.
I'm amazed at his rapid progress in English.
I'm sorry that I misunderstood you.
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry.
Give Tom something to eat.
Do you want to know what I see?
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
I feel like getting some fresh air.
Please stay here till I get back.
You must be back by 10 o'clock.
She performed her duties.
My father is suffering from a cold.
That box is too small to hold all these things.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way.
The insect grew out of a pupa into an imago.
I can't remember his name.
I didn't expect to be here either.
Who is in charge of the office while the boss is away?
She's a glamorous girl.
There is a pair of scissors on the desk.
Were you at home last night?
I'll give you five dollars.
Get them before they get us.
Has he lived here for two years?
People your age often have this problem.
We'll be profitable this year.
We went camping in August.
Last month I spent a fortune on the telephone bill.
He got into this school in September last year.
I have no intention in arguing about your theory.
Tom passed away last night.
I often ask questions.
He told him that she was right.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
That's not a real diamond, is it?
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane.
Can you give me some money?
I could not find my brother who was to meet me at the station.
Mary isn't like other girls.
He still comes to see me now and then.
The clothes are drying outside.
My eyes are both tired.
I've never tried Chinese food.
I went fishing last Monday.
He went to New York on Monday.
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak.
She looked well when I last saw her.
If it's raining tomorrow, then we'll go there in the car.
What did Christopher Columbus discover?
She grew roses.
Today I'm going home.
Tom said Mary is in the hospital.
I need to renew my passport.
What is the most convenient route to your place?
We need a hero.
He rushed into the room with his coat on.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
Xiaolin's eyebrows are thick, his eyes are big, and his eyelashes are long.
We nicknamed Robert 'Bob'.
You need to be more careful.
Suddenly she had a brilliant inspiration.
My mother has a red apron.
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high-speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users.
Many people rejected the invitation to the welcome party.
Every morning, while he is eating his breakfast, his dog looks at him.
Are you going to visit any other countries?
It's because I was asked to come that I'm here.
Bob is the only student that can speak Spanish in our class.
A home without a mother is a sad, sad place.
My brother was killed in a traffic accident.
I have been reading this for a few hours.
The lion is the king of the beasts.
Tom and Mary are baking a cake together.
He resembles his grandfather.
We are looking forward to seeing you and your family.
I have a runny nose.
This is just between you and me, he is a big eater.
I like soccer.
She likes red bayberries.
We talked until two in the morning.
Tom is writing a letter to his parents.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
I would like to see Mr Terry Tate.
Real friendship is more valuable than money.
The new tunnel is twice as long as the old one.
You ought to help her.
Not here.
There's a small problem.
Are you Russian?
I wonder if Tom and Mary are dependable.
I must help her.
I don't believe that there are ghosts in the world.
The stadium was flooded with baseball fans.
Let's take a taxi!
"Do you really wish that?" asked the little white rabbit.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
That's not entirely wrong.
It's none of your concern.
We're looking for a nice house to live in.
You don't have to explain.
It's not at all easy.
Which way is Central Park?
If you have questions, please come to my office hours.
Communism will win!
I'm sick.
Be quiet!
We differ from them in some respects.
This book is Tony's.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
What are you after?
She will care for you from now on.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
Earthquakes may occur at any moment.
I'd like to pay by check.
What kind of shampoo do you use?
So that's how it is!
You have saved my life.
The train station is not far from here.
Your house was easy to find.
These trees were planted by them.
You should have helped him with his work.
They stared down at their feet.
She helped her friends.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
I like surrealism.
I'm familiar with the author's name.
On a clear day, you can see Mt. Fuji.
I went to drink a beer with my friends.
I don't think Tom understands what's going on.
I don't know if I have the time.
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend's son hadn't gone two years after graduating before he'd changed jobs five times.
Mary and Alice are sisters.
I'm so excited.
I know all your secrets.
If it rains on that day, the game will be postponed until the next fine day.
I feel dizzy.
My brothers!
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
I have to iron my shirt.
The lake is the deepest in Japan.
He has never played golf.
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday.
You've been well lately?
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table.
My apologies, I can't go at that time.
You're full of yourself.
This is Taiwan, this is what makes it Taiwan.
I'm not ready.
She gave me a present.
Don't sugar your tea.
Thereafter we heard no more from him.
I'm making dinner.
Did you remember that you were supposed to buy candles?
Will you join us?
You've been very good.
It is to his advantage.
I don't have a ticket.
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.
It was ten years ago that he first came to Japan.
I've never seen him in jeans.
Why can't we do it?
Help yourself to anything you like.
He is rich yet he lives like a beggar.
Somebody is shouting my name.
Our school is ten minutes' walk from here.
Let's eat out tonight.
She had never been so lonely.
This is very hard for him.
I could hardly hear him.
Our neighbours have a dog.
I think the train will come soon.
I don't think she can speak French.
You should stay away from Tom.
Today is very cold.
Low temperatures turn water into ice.
Up to now, how many books do you think you've read?
Are you not a teacher?
Older couples often appreciate cash more than gifts because they neither need nor have room for them.
Tom and I are both tired.
Is Tom next?
This whiskey is too strong.
The river that flows through London is the Thames.
I thought that he would come.
They will get married next month.
This book is still copyrighted.
How long's Tom been sick?
In Ankara, all the seasons are like winter.
According to newspaper reports, there was an airplane accident last evening.
It's foggy outside.
Did you have any difficulty in finding my house?
It's been raining for around a week.
This chair is uncomfortable.
She won't live much longer.
I plan on going there.
I am leaving.
Mid-Autumn Day is a traditional holiday in China.
Let's leave that for tomorrow.
I'm afraid to die.
Tom said he was going to eat fish for dinner tonight.
Tokyo is the least attractive town to me.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice were all there.
He had barely enough to eat.
She lives nearby.
I can teach you how to drive.
It still isn't time to leave work, and everyone wants to escape.
He was sitting there.
There is a castle in the background of the picture.
We're going on a picnic Saturday week.
He will return within 3 hours.
He is to come to my house tonight.
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.
We gladly accept your offer.
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
You should help him.
Kobe is famous as a port city.
I travel on the subway every day.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
Please do not write in this library book.
Have you got a mobile?
Tom was a little overweight when he was a kid.
What time are you leaving?
I've made us some coffee.
When did you come to Japan?
No one respectfully bowed towards him.
My boss just fired me.
Where did that happen?
Did I tell you what Melissa said?
He has too many books.
Unfortunately I must decline your invitation.
She's locked herself in the bathroom.
My mother speaks French better than my father speaks English, so they usually speak to each other in French.
Did you leave a tip?
Stop humming and hawing.
Everyone knows of his affection for that dog.
One of us has to go.
The sound of your voice is like a siren's song to me.
If I go to China, it'd be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
I got on the wrong train.
Did he go to see Mary?
I like travelling by train.
If you smile, I'll be happy.
We can't let Tom in on this.
Can you teach me how to steal?
Please put your baggage on this scale.
Breakfast is ready.
I am honored to meet you.
Captivity makes gorillas sick.
To share one's passion is to live it fully.
There's a page missing.
This bomb can kill many people.
Tom can't find Mary.
Perhaps he has already left Kyoto.
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
By reading books we can walk with the great and the good from every place and every era.
Yesterday I went to the movies.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.
She really needs your help.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
At last, we reached our destination.
Tom told me he wanted to win.
This is Mr Yasuda.
It's been raining non-stop for three days.
I'm listening to music.
It's only two miles to the village.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
Though she wished to travel abroad by herself, she thought better of it.
Vikings 1 and 2 became the first space probes to successfully land on the surface of Mars.
How is this plan?
When you were at the cinema, we were down the pub.
I don't know if he has any special powers or not, but he's probably stronger than a normal human.
When was the last time you cut the engine?
A good start is half the work.
I heard that from him.
I plan to buy him a pen.
Tom helped me with the move.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
The cab driver wasn't seriously injured.
"Shall I take a message?" "No, thank you."
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.
My school has a band.
Although Hiroko dislikes cigarette smoke, she readily goes out drinking with friends.
We understand.
What is the difference between imitation and real diamonds?
You don't need to study today.
Have you seen my glasses anywhere?
One of this country's most important products is coffee.
I still can't believe I did it.
When you safely arrive at your destination, don't forget to call me.
I'm a nice dude.
This is his answer to my letter.
Unfortunately I will not have much free time.
I have a cow.
India has a very old history.
Where did you come in from?
No one escaped alive.
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
It wasn't very hot last night.
I'll leave that to you.
In ten years our town will change a lot.
You have my sympathy.
She's a girl, but she's brave.
Oil is extracted from olives.
I am crazy about you.
Nobody believes what I say.
What time will you go home today?
Butterflies are beautiful.
He speaks Yiddish.
He is a doctor.
Ever since his graduation from university until his retirement, Lao Wang had continually worked as a teacher.
Do you want to buy something?
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting, so a majority of hutongs run from east to west.
John built a bookcase.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
I am four months pregnant.
Who is to blame for the accident?
You're still up?
Have you been anywhere besides Spain?
I spent twelve hours on the train.
They will send us lumber.
At the time I managed to make myself understood in English.
He didn't keep his promise.
A dog can run faster than a man can.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
They moved here two years ago.
I haven't read today's newspaper yet.
All my friends call me Tom.
My father likes pizza very much.
My album is here.
I have acknowledged my mistake.
This castle is beautiful.
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
She stepped forward to shake his hand.
A big bomb fell, and a great many people lost their lives.
You should be careful not to become overconfident.
What do my hobbies bring to my life?
She looks pretty in that dress.
I am Greek.
Several cottages have been isolated by the flood water.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn't make myself understood.
That teapot's pretty dirty.
I can't stand this noise any longer.
Dog food is dear.
No, thank you, I am pregnant!
Whose key is that on the table?
"Thirty dollars is a lot for that small room," he thought.
Whenever I have a question, I just Google it.
You should know better than to ask a lady her age.
He didn't know that.
Please call me between seven and eight.
The cake tastes divine!
I have a friend living in Nara.
Did you bring it?
She is holding an umbrella in her hand.
There is no air on the moon.
She dusts the furniture every day.
Every morning, the corridor was swept clean.
He must have missed his usual train.
What was that you just said?
Go along this street, and you'll find the movie theater.
He missed the last train.
Is this your first time in Korea?
You should behave carefully.
Welcome to Beijing.
She drew up the curtain.
Is this book yours?
His parents are saving for his college education.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
Today is Tuesday. Which day is it tomorrow?
I don't want either of them.
This work must be finished by Monday.
It would be better with your younger sister.
Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
It rained in Sevilla.
George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
He used to be a professor, but now he is the dean.
How strange life is!
She married him for his money.
A lot of people are starving in the world.
He does not want any kind of flowers.
Let's get divorced.
How can a world produce evil when it's created by an omnibenevolent God?
I'm not in that much of a hurry.
Excuse me. What's your name?
I can talk about anything with my best friend.
Look at me with your books closed.
Is that not enough?
Don't let her drive your car.
I will go to Australia by train.
What're you going to do?
I bumped into him at the station.
I'm not used to drinking coffee without sugar.
There is a clock on the wall.
I've read all your books.
What did you find out?
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.
I saw tears in her eyes.
I will have finished reading this book by Tuesday.
At first many things seemed different, but I soon got involved in my new life.
It's only leaves and branches.
Stay sharp.
Don't you know how?
There are pretty flowers in the garden.
Today, the temperature rose as high as 30 degrees Celsius.
The convenience store ran out of business.
I've something interesting to tell you that you might find surprising.
Where did you get the idea?
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
It is difficult to keep up a conversation with someone who only says "yes" and "no".
I know he is watching me.
I had a slight headache last night.
He was tense with his new business.
Afghanistan has different kinds of landscapes.
I love going to the movies.
Can you say that again?
We've run out of sugar.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
I want to go somewhere in Europe.
As the moon rises above the sea, we share the same time though we are far apart.
One of the dogs is alive.
She got her daughter a personal computer.
I watched the basketball game on TV.
Most people think I'm crazy.
He is not a teacher but a doctor.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Are you willing to go to the beach?
You'd better hurry.
Are you interested in foreign languages?
Of course, an acrobat must have a perfect sense of balance.
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose.
My grandmother mailed the letter this morning.
Come on any day you like.
Today is my treat.
When will she return home?
She found a job as a typist.
We are going on a journey next month.
Why are you so anxious!
I don't know what day he'll come.
I am fed up with this wet weather.
He saved his friend at the risk of his own life.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
He has a sky-blue jumper.
You're doing very well. Keep it up.
Okay! Does everyone understand?
My message is important to young people.
He did it all out of kindness.
He studied hard.
Was he still here when you arrived?
Tom saw you.
I feel much better today.
I want to buy a pair of ski boots.
We think alike.
Excuse me, when was the mailbox last opened?
Don't get sassy with me young lady!
My mother is a good woman.
Send us a telegram when you arrive.
This is my wife.
That's for suckers.
Silence is golden.
Tomorrow is April 5th.
It doesn't matter whether you have money or not. I love you just the same.
I arrived here yesterday.
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?
Tom looked puzzled.
Fasten your seat belts.
The door clicked shut.
Must I clean the room?
I'm not going to hurt you.
I knew that was Tom.
The burglar shut the child in the closet.
Maybe I should go help Tom.
Have you ever been to the Korean Peninsula?
With its distinctive Chinese features, the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion.
And nobody helped you?
I bumped into an old friend on the bus.
Some of the apples in the box were rotten.
She is very much like her mother.
What do you do?
These five books belong to my classmate.
If I had the money, I would often go out and have fun.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
Tom started singing.
I've seen him before.
It's a quarter past eight.
They live in a good environment.
You have to move.
Condoms offer protection against STDs.
Mom, look what I found.
He taught himself French.
He has all but finished the work.
A lie is like a flower in full bloom. It may look pretty, but it wilts quickly.
I don't think television will take the place of books.
We have no classes on Wednesday afternoons.
Tennis is my favorite sport.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
I didn't reply.
You have to queue up.
My car cost more than yours did.
He has a prejudice against foreigners.
She studies mathematics.
It is likely to rain again.
Those selected will have to face extensive medical and psychological tests.
There's a telephone in the hall.
Tom could've figured that out without any help.
I bought two dozen pencils.
I'm watching TV.
Who did you meet there?
You're hurting him.
As soon as you start misbehaving, Father Christmas will not come to see you.
My father died of cancer.
I'm too happy!
I didn't like it.
I hate Tom, to tell you the truth.
Sentences past this ID are sentences added by contributors of Tatoeba Project.
My dad keeps a journal every day.
The news made him feel deeply sad.
My dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week.
Tom says he feels a little better.
If it had not been for his help, I would have failed.
Yesterday there was an unfortunate accident.
Thirdly, each team leader please report your progress.
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
He wanted a glass of beer.
It's awfully hot today.
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another.
I went to middle school in Japan.
The history of China is older than that of Japan.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Welcome to your new home.
Tom got into trouble.
What time does the library close?
Today I have an Esperanto class.
Happy Halloween!
I'm glad I was able to be useful to you.
Here is your bill.
Many conservative women still can't accept fishnet stockings.
Love me, love my dog.
My house is on the south side of the park.
Using Esperanto with him, I sense that we both are at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
They laughed at my idea.
I've never gone fishing at night.
Are you used to living in the dorms?
If your tooth hurts, you should see a dentist.
There were three survivors.
One third of the earth's surface is desert.
In the summer, it is very hot here.
He likes nuts.
I am taller than her.
I don't know how to use an art file (.art).
George will definitely come.
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.
He should have come.
Learning physics can change your way of thinking.
Please smoke!
Put your hat on.
Good-bye!
A foreign language can't be mastered in a year or so.
He touched my hand.
I'm sorry that I have kept you waiting so long.
Tom's check bounced.
It's me that's wrong.
I would like to go home now.
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now.
I don't like winter.
We hired a car for a week when we were in Italy.
It's our pleasure.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
That is all I know about him.
That is our school.
I'm a bad-ass.
The man's body temperature is higher than normal.
Is your coming to Guangdong a pleasure trip?
These flowers bloom earlier than the others do.
We are but men, not gods.
The criminal didn't let the hostages go.
When did you learn how to swim?
He helped me carry the bag.
Suddenly, Tom realized what Mary wanted.
Susan, I'm sorry if I led you on but the truth is that I'm just not interested.
True love never grows old.
That's an interesting idea.
He asked her to call him later.
Tom took the hammer away from Mary.
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.
I don't expect anything from you.
I saw the children walk across the street.
He put his bag under the table.
The leaves rustle in the wind.
We still have more than halfway to go to get to the top of the mountain. Are you really already exhausted?
Whom are you speaking of?
She sang softly.
I'm not rich, nor do I wish to be.
She felt blue.
No matter how much I think about it, I don't understand it.
I so wanted to believe that.
It is easy to swim.
He is clearly the team's best player.
You speak so loudly I can even hear you on the first floor.
I haven't been busy for the past few days.
I wish to become a dentist in the future.
I'm a stranger here.
How do you say "lung"?
I reckon he will be back soon.
I hope you will like it.
Bread is made from flour, water, and often yeast.
That is why I am angry with him.
I fell in love with her.
Graduating is like losing your job.
My grandfather's photograph is on the wall.
You seem to know everything.
The moon is beautiful, isn't it?
You are the only one who can protect them.
She discovered that she had run out of salt.
This is not your book, it's mine.
Apart from languages, I'm also interested in technology.
This is Chinese food.
Sir and Miss, what type of jewellery are you looking to buy?
You are always complaining.
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
Now let's get down to work.
He lives in England.
"A rolling stone gathers no moss" is a saying.
Tom might be back tomorrow.
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
I majored in philosophy in college.
What were you doing in Boston?
The chemical symbol "H" stands for hydrogen.
I'll stop by the post office on the way home.
This car is like new.
The class consists of fifty students.
He was drunk with joy.
This shouldn't be so hard.
She was wearing pumps.
Forewarned is forearmed.
This forest fire was naturally caused.
Give me a piece of paper.
She was visibly afraid to be here.
In Greek mythology, Ares was the god of war.
Women generally live longer than men.
I'm not going to go to the party.
I spoke to Tom last night.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
How heavy is your suitcase?
Tom is a native speaker of French.
These few examples are not enough.
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
I am writing a letter.
I know that I'm wrong.
The dog was frozen to death.
I would do anything for Tom.
You don't have to answer right away.
By the end of June 2006, the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million, seven hundred and forty one thousand, making up 5.1% of the total rural population.
Everything's working fine.
Ken is busy this afternoon.
Three men are waiting for you on the porch.
How do I use chopsticks?
I know those tall girls quite well.
Tom probably knows where we can get something to eat around here.
You have only to sit here.
Where is the escalator?
The result is calculated according to the general table created by the World Health Organization (WHO), and is the same for males and females, regardless of age.
When do you usually go to bed?
Is that a cat or a dog?
Tom can't afford that.
Are you going to school today?
She played a waltz on the piano.
I am Finnish, but I speak also Swedish.
She was about to go out.
What do they want to know?
You can get a loan from a bank.
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as 'passing the year'.
I got lost in the forest.
Sami was looking forward to being a father.
The days are getting longer and longer.
Love songs move me.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
Wienczysława is the most beautiful brunette in the workplace.
Do you have Tom's address?
The next four to six weeks are crucial in controlling the massive Ebola outbreak.
You're making progress.
We made it out of there.
London is on the Thames.
This vending machine isn't working.
If they hadn't noticed, there wouldn't have been any problems.
This is a book to read.
There is nothing wrong with him.
Pull the plant up by the roots.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
I am not well at all.
These oranges are very sour.
I wish I could live near your house.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
There's no film in this camera.
I'm the owner of this house.
Do you think leaving this kind of message is funny?
This medicine will increase the survival rate of the patients.
I don't think he'll come.
My motorcycle is new.
I've been told Tom is going to be fired.
He'll be back home soon.
He is the last man to steal.
Grace has not come yet.
The customers have started to come.
I hate people cutting queues.
I'm from Africa.
We will come back tomorrow.
Bob has the habit of going to bed at 10:00.
I'm much younger than you.
We must have something to live for.
She speaks both English and French.
Who took care of the dog while you were away?
The police think the burglar entered through a basement window.
We live in a society.
They say that he will never return.
Wait for me until I write you.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
I usually take a bath after dinner.
The lid on this jam jar is stuck. It won't open.
Where is the city hall?
We are husband and wife.
There's a big difference between reading for pleasure and stimulation and reading for knowledge and education.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
She fainted when she saw blood.
What did you see in Paris?
He arrived after the bell rang.
I changed trains at Ueno Station.
Please take a look at this.
They water the fruit trees.
There was a long interval before he replied.
It goes without saying that money can't buy happiness.
They have nothing to eat.
High calorie foods are bad for my health.
I speak French every day at work.
This door won't open.
There are some cookies in the jar.
Do you think they followed us?
What do you think should be done about it?
Which of the composers do you like best?
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
She is not only kind, but also honest.
Most people killed by smoking were not heavy smokers.
Tom is anxious to see you.
I should've gone to bed earlier last night.
Currently there are still women who like to wear corsets.
Please tell me what I should do.
It's time for you to buy a new car.
I'm glad to see you.
I'm sure that you will succeed.
Most of the pupils here cycle to school.
My friends all call me Tom.
You look just like Tom.
There's a car coming.
This year, I learnt my first 500 words in Mandarin.
He grew up to be a doctor.
It isn't something anyone can do.
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.
Get me one in size "M", please.
When he's in class, he continuously sits next to me.
Fred often comes late for class.
Congratulations!
Don't interrupt!
He ran as fast as he could.
We had a great relationship.
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers.
Not until this morning did I learn the truth.
I'm sorry she's not here.
When will your new store open?
You had better take an umbrella with you today.
They're from Iceland.
Do you wear pajamas when you're sleeping?
You can't lift the piano.
He is as tall as I.
I thank you very much for your kindness.
I cannot approve of your going out with him.
The original qipao was wide and loose.
Please call the police.
It's for free.
This book seemed interesting.
Can I leave my bags with you until I come to check in?
Tom will probably go swimming again this afternoon.
This book isn't interesting at all.
No pain, no gain.
He was doubtful about which way to take.
I want a dog.
Excess of politeness is annoying.
I'm free tonight.
What you're saying makes no sense.
The residents expressed their dissatisfaction at the noise.
I know all my neighbors.
He is bound to succeed.
Tom was the first to arrive and the last to leave.
He jumped into the swimming pool.
Art for art's sake.
My computer has already been infected with the BraveSentry virus.
"I feel like playing cards." "So do I."
Sunny weather increases the joy of camping.
Nobody can guess her age.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
They turned around.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
Shut your gob!
It's okay to go.
Where will you have lunch today?
Is she Anna?
I'm freezing!
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
I guess she's into bondage and domination.
This is a Chinese fan.
Do you have a table in the patio?
What's his most recent novel?
She won't like this.
I really have to be going.
Were you tired last night?
She has many American friends.
I have known her for two years.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
The trees are green.
Put the egg into boiling water.
Tom didn't give me what I asked him for.
I don't know why the door was open.
I'm sure that he'll get angry.
Don't blame the tour guide.
Deal with a man as he deals with you.
Who is the woman dressed in pink?
He takes a shower as many as ten times a day.
We both come from Germany.
Tom turned right when he should've turned left.
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
Appearances are deceiving.
This river is one mile across.
Tom is wearing gloves.
Do you think we should send for the doctor?
This dog runs very fast!
The boy entered by the back door.
Do you speak Irish?
She is two years older than you.
I don't speak a word of French.
Frank left a message by means of a secret code.
Almost no one thinks that we are sisters.
Tom is a politician.
Maria decided to never come back to see him again.
What a beautiful picture!
She asked how to cook the fish.
The 1960s saw the emergence of the Civil Rights movement in the United States.
Can I pay with a travelers check?
We went into the red last year.
Lionel Messi is one of the best strikers in the world. He has scored the most goals ever for Barcelona.
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
I speak Swedish.
The teacher had a bad cold.
The snail draws in its feelers.
How will we protect ourselves?
I won't accept that.
Could you do me a favour please?
What's stopping you from going?
She awoke him.
No, not too much.
Internet is very slow.
Where's your other brother?
Dad's always encouraging him.
I think I will take a vacation this week.
How long has he been walking?
There are about ten to twenty students in total.
Father is busy writing letters.
Did you go out?
Are you at home?
I had my brother repair my bicycle.
You've got a big hole in your sock.
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, we can.
A fish rots from the head down.
That does it.
There is no connection between them.
Maybe she will not come.
Shut the door, please.
Now who's going to help you?
I am tired.
Do you feel hungry?
The important thing is not to win, but that the other loses.
I can't hear you.
I want to stay at the Hilton Hotel.
He didn't see anybody.
You can only bury these deeply in your heart.
She talks a lot.
Maybe I'll see you later.
I'm dripping with sweat.
Go home!
Bejaia is in Algeria.
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
The snake bit me.
I know everything.
Today was fun.
I don't think children should drink beer.
The town slept.
I thought Tom was going to be here.
Tom isn't planning to stay.
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.
Monkeys can learn a lot of tricks.
There are four seasons in one year.
She said she felt like eating steak.
We don’t have time for this!
I met Roy, who asked me to give you this one.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
She has two thousand books.
Would you like to have some tea?
I'm on the way to hospital.
Try not to forget anything.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
The room was jam-packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin.
Do you know this cartoon?
My home is on the outskirts of that city.
Did Tom tell you why he wasn't at school yesterday?
I'm not quite well.
Tom biked 30 km to the store to buy strawberries for his pregnant wife.
I got the information from him directly.
Everybody knew Tom was good at French.
Not everyone likes to drink tea. Take me, for example. I like coffee.
Tom wanted something else.
How can you be so patient?
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
"How about a cup of coffee?" "I'd like to, but I have a previous engagement."
I like to eat chocolate flavored ice cream.
Tom quietly closed the bedroom door.
I can't think of anything to say.
He may be on the next train.
Can we do it?
You are as white as a sheet.
Daniel is making mango juice.
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.
Nothing to do with you.
No matter how cold it is outside, the rooms are comfortably heated.
One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes, and the girl was among them.
I'm sorry I didn't keep my promise.
The rumor isn't true.
He has good eyesight.
The other students laughed.
He had to stay in bed.
He's very ill.
His intelligence and experience enabled him to deal with the trouble.
There are one hundred people in my school.
She is not in the kitchen, nor is she in the living room.
I am taking tomorrow afternoon off.
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
I had a dream where a baby was playing with a knife.
I'm very tired right now.
If you came, that would be great.
The children are having fun in the grass.
Those women are Canadians.
I fully agree with your point of view.
All of a sudden the sky became overcast.
You may have mistaken Jane for his sister.
Last night, I fell into a panic.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Tom has already fed the dog.
I know him, but I don't know his name.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
Can we get a voucher?
I have back problems.
I'm going there alone.
We weren't told where he came from.
If you're not listening to the radio, turn it off.
Tips are not accepted.
We have many goals.
Do you drink green tea?
Lemons are sour.
You and I have something in common.
We've got another problem.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
The train was late this morning.
My camera can shoot high-definition video.
Almost everyone came.
Do you have a house in Italy?
Parking is prohibited here.
Pay attention to your food.
Is someone knocking on the door?
I lost my earbuds. Good thing I still have Apple Air Tags.
I watched the news on TV after supper.
My mum likes tea very much.
The young man lives in an old house.
I never wear white socks.
Two women sing.
Who else could it be?
Keep at it!
May I go to the movies tonight?
Do you feel bored?
I approve of your plan.
He can speak Russian as well.
The prosecutor asked me a leading question.
Keep it quiet.
How many Chinese characters are there?
Tom is quite fussy.
That's enough for today.
Do like I tell you.
What he said was over my head.
Please don't say that.
What's the problem with your computer?
I really like this story.
I want to play on the computer.
Could you pass me the salt, please?
I will not be at home tomorrow.
Eat with us.
Tom has no friends to play with.
Do you have a list of hotels?
It made my blood boil to hear that.
I tried to stop that from happening.
He earns twice as much as me.
Do you know how to recover a deleted file?
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
I know that I am wrong.
In Australia, one speaks English.
Tom says Mary isn't tired.
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
The sun will go down in two hours.
There is no use in making excuses.
I will sell it as soon as I find a buyer.
I'd like to get married to someone like you.
Summer has ended.
Japan is smaller than Canada.
Which one?
He does not like being punished.
I hope I make a good first impression.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
They hurried off to watch a football game, leaving their things all over the house.
He's a big boy.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
My camera doesn't need to be fixed.
Let us know when you'll arrive.
That plane is enormous!
My Cantonese is better than my Mandarin.
I'm from Japan.
She wrote down their name so as not to forget it.
When did you start using contact lenses?
I am to blame.
I don't understand at all.
Tom is lonely and unhappy.
He is the tallest of all boys.
Give me my money.
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.
The rumor turned out true.
Tom wasn't nice to me.
You're the smartest person that I know.
I'm afraid you have to work overtime.
There was widespread panic after the earthquake.
Are there any direct flights between Boston and Sydney?
Tom seems to be very happy.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
Mary had to go to school.
I was very relaxed.
I can't answer you now.
My data-burning software is showing an error message.
This girl has no mother.
Playing cards is very interesting.
It's the truth.
Wine helps digest food.
Don't forget to give this to Tom.
His life after retirement was unhappy.
A scary horror movie is only a movie. Once you turn off the screen it's all over, but life...you're stuck in it.
Tom moves quickly.
We succeeded.
English is difficult, isn't it?
I can't.
This was the best-selling book last week.
My phone is dead.
I don't play basketball.
Is he a doctor?
Next person!
Tom is an engineer.
He lost everything he owned.
Very few people know what their blood group is.
We should run some tests.
Do you plan on doing that with Tom?
Today is a good day to run on the beach.
I caught sight of her in the crowd.
Both Tom and Mary have decided to stay.
A rainbow is a natural phenomenon.
A truck ran over our dog.
He agreed with me.
It is cheap to take the subway in Beijing.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
The light has turned green.
He is responsible for the accident.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
I think we can relax now.
A recent survey shows that the number of smokers is decreasing.
What does Tom do here?
How did the secret get out?
They've already eaten.
My hand is so cold that I can't feel it any more.
I prefer cats to dogs.
What'll you be doing over the weekend?
This computer is yours, isn't it?
Could I borrow your eyeliner?
Somebody just called.
A number of famous artists live in Australia.
Where did you see him?
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.
Tom will be here for just a short time.
I live in Luxembourg.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
Tom asked Mary some questions, but she refused to answer them.
I wonder if it will snow in our town this winter.
I'm a serious office lady and a good wife and mother at home.
This pen belongs to me.
Wait a moment, please.
I find it difficult to express my meaning in words.
Go away!
I thought it best to remain silent.
I don't think that Tom knows Mary isn't happy.
She aspired to become an actress.
I have recently given up smoking.
What an old book this is!
There's nothing more important than friendship.
I have an old bicycle.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
Tom came three days ago.
After they argued, they didn't speak to each other for a week.
Tom broke three dishes.
My mother is making a birthday cake for me.
I love rock.
China is called "Zhongguo" in Chinese.
Are you listening?
The old man assumed an impudent attitude.
Is he tall?
I can't calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors.
Mr. Tanaka can play the piano well.
What languages do you speak?
And what if I say "no"?
What is the price of this cap?
We are going to eat a lot tonight so I hope that you are not on a diet.
We made friends with at least ten Americans.
Do you have plans tonight?
She is leaving for America tonight.
I lived in New York last year.
You've got the wrong person.
Walk over a little!
The statue was carved from a block of cherry wood.
I saw a dog swim across the river.
He says he's won.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
Even if your sentences were actually senseless, you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences.
Tom likes Greek yogurt.
That's very sweet of you.
Love makes the world go round.
There wasn't a cloud in the sky.
Who's your French teacher?
He shouted at the top of his voice, "This is a battle we cannot lose."
My father will come home at the end of this week.
How long did you live in Sanda?
I play tennis in the park on Sunday.
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
I fear death.
This is not a sentence.
He's been to the stadium.
I am a banana.
You can just switch channels.
As soon as man is born, he begins to die.
I am writing my internship report.
Where did he buy all these?
You are welcome to join us.
The eyes are the language of the heart.
The amount of time spent asleep can vary from person to person.
All three of you are very lucky.
Morning! Sorry, did I keep you waiting?
His work is now complete.
Grease the waffle maker.
He is good at dealing with children.
At last, the bus stopped.
I do not for a moment think you are wrong.
How lovely!
Peter doesn't need to attend the meeting.
The barometer is falling. It is going to rain.
I want to emphasize this point in particular.
This book costs 20 dollars.
I put the receiver to my ear.
I ordered a pizza on the phone.
Do you have two computers?
You should ask your father for his advice and follow it.
The first thing you have to take into consideration is time.
Did you sleep well?
I'm not going to give up.
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
She is from France.
This isn't a joking matter.
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.
Could you tell me why you love her?
Our venue wasn't renovated too long ago.
I bought two pairs of trousers.
I have four lessons today.
Yumi went there by herself.
How far away is the airport?
You should have completed it long ago.
You are no better at remembering things than I am.
Tom said that he was happy to do that.
Drink milk!
They are always at each other's throats.
Tom became a hero.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary about that yet.
This word comes from Greek.
Suit yourself.
Are you watching TV today?
Try this!
He wants to come along with us to the movie.
As far as I know he is not lazy.
Tom has written to me.
I didn't know who was going to meet me at the airport.
Come on. I want to show you something.
Tom's coming.
His house is across the street.
We can't promise anything.
Where's it from?
Tom bought a car.
I can usually tell when someone is hiding something from me.
The sky was filled with airplanes.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
John had a bad cold last week.
We are cut from the same cloth.
My brother is a high school student.
You are lucky because he didn't bite you.
I'm taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
She has faults, but I love her none the less.
We want you to be the team captain.
I don't understand what the author's saying here.
Tom is my older brother.
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.
He violated a law.
Come here quickly.
He may have taken the wrong train.
Xiaoming has really poor self-control.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
I'm at work now, so I'll call you later.
I like to take a hot bath every night before bed.
The cat had a ribbon around its neck.
These photos have been shopped.
Those good-for-nothing layabouts were sacked.
I have a home.
In the case of fire, dial 119.
It's your turn.
Caracas is the capital of Venezuela.
We can see more and more swallows.
Is it really possible?
I can't speak English at all.
Don't go out, as it's raining.
Who was it that he phoned?
To tell the truth, I would rather stay at home than go out.
I have five sons. Two of them are engineers, another is a teacher and the others are students.
Why isn't that good?
We must never confuse the two.
My father loves everyone in the world.
She accepted his gift.
I drink fruit juice.
Calm down, and listen to me speak from the beginning.
There's blood in my urine.
Don't tell lies!
Great is the power of habit.
I began running.
After supper, she cleared the table.
Let's not discuss it.
He likes mischief.
Dante wrote "The Divine Comedy."
I'll hold onto this.
The workflow is illustrated in the following chart.
Don't release that prisoner.
Peter didn't intend to break the vase.
Your conduct is absolutely shameful.
I'm busy at the moment.
He bade farewell to the students.
Tom comes home almost every weekend.
Do you think our climate has an influence on our character?
An uncle of mine gave me some useful advice.
I had him write it.
How disgusting!
I believed you.
You're getting into deep water.
I feel like taking a walk now.
I know how to make beef stroganoff.
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
I don't think it will rain tomorrow.
He was killed in a car accident.
Tell us more.
He wrote down the telephone number.
The children are having fun in the park.
You have the same racket as I have.
How much is the kilo of bananas?
Hurry up, or you'll miss the bus.
You have a strong ability to learn.
How is everyone?
The Intel people are lucky to have you!
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing forever that I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
Narcissism means 'to be more confident'.
That is not important to me.
Mother is in the kitchen wearing an apron.
Argh! My computer froze up again.
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Tom is the one that has been waiting the longest.
We're going to have a test today.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
I made known my intentions to my parents.
The fish in this restaurant is delicious.
I am taking my son to the zoo this afternoon.
It was not until he was thirty that he started to paint.
An English-Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book, not just for those taking TOEIC, but for all studying English.
Tom lives here.
My big brother is not at home, he is at school.
Do you speak Limburgish?
Are you free tomorrow evening?
I could eat some beef noodle soup, or some reheated rice with soybean paste like that, no problem.
Tom doesn't know I'm Canadian.
This pencil is white.
How much is the commission?
He looks strong.
Roger works from morning till night.
God is everywhere.
Why is religion necessary?
Everybody likes him.
My mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
I ate in the canteen.
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
This bicycle is mine.
He couldn't wait to try out his new surfboard.
This is a nice camera.
What's so fun about taking pictures of trains?
I'm afraid I cannot make myself understood in English.
Britain is also an island.
Tom said that Mary was sleeping.
Emet, we need more meat!
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
I am not too tired.
Susan is a good cook.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
I gave Tom three cookies.
It's time to take a bath.
My father often goes to America on business.
Do you recognize it?
Never write the words "bortsch" and "shchi" in German!
That shop has many customers.
I've been in prison.
Tomorrow will be a fine day.
The summer is over.
We apologize for the delay and regret any inconvenience it may have caused.
Money has changed his life.
The phone rang while I was taking a shower.
She has a rose in her hand.
Tom would still be alive if he had been wearing his seat belt.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I don't know who wrote it.
It's no use your begging him for help.
He has trouble remembering names.
My forehead burned with fever.
I'll do my best not to disturb your studying.
You've got to set the alarm clock before you go to bed.
At last, it began to rain.
His request was as follows.
I've already read today's paper.
Will I still do it?
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
He never goes out after dark.
That is not a tiger.
If you can come, I will be very happy.
Would you like to eat something?
I brought up two children alone.
I am not busy.
Why do they say you have to learn English to survive?
Did you finish your homework?
Paul got on the wrong bus.
Students are forbidden to smoke on the school grounds.
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
English cannot be mastered overnight.
Which do you prefer, spring or autumn?
Tom is too old to work.
Tom is the only boy in our class.
I need a cab.
What have you told them?
I know about this project for the most part.
The first phase of construction has been completed.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
It's better to laugh than to cry.
Tom asked Mary who painted the picture.
Are you going anywhere for vacation?
You are interested in computers.
This was the turning point of his life.
There are times when I feel sad.
He died recently.
I don't fly.
I have a daughter.
Can you eat this?
My brother is holding a camera in his hand.
If he had taken my advice, he would now be rich.
I still can't speak French.
There is no school during August.
We are worried about you.
Tom should've walked away.
He can also speak French.
I cannot do without this dictionary even for a single day.
Do you have a job?
He is fond of swimming.
I got a call from her this morning.
The child will be six.
The tree leaves turned red.
I found it best to say nothing about the matter.
Having met him before, I recognized him at once.
Tom looked at the picture.
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience.
Philip hates traveling for away games. He always gets really tired and never plays well.
I'll see you whenever it suits you.
Since there is no air on the moon, there is no sound at all.
You will soon get accustomed to living in this country.
She has plenty of books.
Close the door.
I'm none the wiser for his explanation.
Mike doesn't practice basketball on Monday.
Give me some milk, too.
Father took us to the zoo yesterday.
I think you should open an account here.
I love to eat kaya pau.
Unfortunately, it's true.
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
China, otherwise known as the People's Republic of China, is located in east Asia, on the western coast of the Pacific ocean.
As food and drink is to animals, so are rain and sunshine to plants.
It's better to speak less than to speak too much, and it's better to speak well than to speak too little.
I use Twitter.
We'll leave in an hour.
I need my boots.
Which is your favorite song?
I still don't write Chinese well.
Shizuko composed a poem about the change of the seasons.
It is everyone's duty to cherish cultural relics.
Excuse me, where is the toilet?
Smoking is harmful to your health.
I've got nothing to hide.
The situation is getting worse and worse day by day.
Who wants to see me?
We'll know the truth before long.
I've never regretted marrying you.
He can speak not only English, but also French.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
I expect a lot from him.
Do you understand what he's saying?
Drivers must observe the traffic rules.
There are subtle differences between the two pictures.
I came.
He left the room in a rage.
Because all of the teams in the Premier League are really strong, the goal difference is usually small.
Tatsuya has some friends who live in New York.
Perhaps we should help Tom.
That could be too late.
Betty sat in the chair with her legs crossed.
Her coat is fur on the inside.
I could make myself understood in English.
Thank you for the present you gave my son.
He had kept the secret to himself.
I go to bed early at night.
Tom couldn't remember what he had done.
I took the medicine.
I didn't show those pictures to anyone.
I am not a witch.
Do you need me to drive you home?
I guess it depends on the weather.
I love her so much I could die.
This dog was born two months ago.
That's the true genius of America; that America can change. Our Union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
Tom hasn't given us anything.
Could you make an example to reify your idea?
She turned down my request.
Please don't enter the room without knocking.
Let everyone take care of their own affairs.
I don't think that it's necessary.
"You look like a tourist." "But I am a tourist!"
We'll come together.
She employed him as a programmer.
Tom didn't have a fever this morning.
She will be a famous artist in the future.
I think she's perfect.
We got there at the same time.
I'm obliged to find a way out of the resulting situation.
Once you do it, you see that it's not as hard as it sounds.
He has no chance of succeeding.
My child is ill.
I'd like breakfast in my room at 8 sharp.
That athlete won three times in a row in this tournament.
I don't see anything.
He is still very much alive.
The boy could not so much as write his own name.
I know the Chinese characters.
That's absolutely right.
How's everyone doing?
Why on earth are you here?
I don't particularly like her.
How can I forget those days?
God can do anything!
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
Love is never without jealousy.
Mary always yells when she's angry.
He's the goalkeeper.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
Who does this umbrella belong to?
You have to be proactive.
All that time the things granddad had said, like the sound of flies flying round a melon, buzzed in my head.
I'm not disagreeing with you.
I didn't think it was so bad.
The bookcase is level with the table.
I'm fed up with fast food.
You're picking on someone smaller than you again!
She's wearing tights.
Tom didn't know where Mary had gone skiing.
You should stand up to speak.
Return immediately.
She doesn't know how to tell the difference between good and evil.
She got wet to the skin.
A ring and some cash are missing.
I felt something moving on my back.
Children want fruit juice.
The only thing that would have made it better is if it was cooked.
Which book is yours, this one or that one?
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.
There is little chance of my meeting him again.
Why blame Tom?
He's such a sweetheart.
Just what time period is "Hong Fan" a product of? Although people have debated this issue for ages, there is still no clear consensus to this day.
He's very fair-minded.
Does anyone know how to pronounce this character?
Just name a time and I'll be there.
They all remembered Tom.
We're amazed by the rapid growth in import quantities.
She read books all night.
I wonder who has come.
Yumi will not play tennis.
Do you own a house in Italy?
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
He likes to live in Tokyo.
I'll come to your place.
I was a little bit nervous.
The nurses are in the hospital.
Can you help me wash these dishes?
Press the button.
He seems to know all about her past.
I think Tom is wealthy.
He was tired, but he kept working.
Tom has Mary's address.
Don't be that worried.
It's because it's too big.
What did you do over the weekend?
As you can see, we're still working.
Have you made a decision?
Yumiko belongs to the tennis club.
The high building can be seen from the window.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
I've lived in Boston three years.
He sat next to the river.
I was tired, so I didn't go.
Welcome back.
He answered as follows.
He's at the post office sending a package to a friend.
Did you call?
Who do you think will win the gold medal?
You must be joking! I can't find my passport!
He still loves her.
You should speak with Tom.
We enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
That's unimportant.
Yesterday was Friday.
I've never been to New York, and my sister hasn't, either.
I hope Tom will understand.
I've had enough of your complaints.
Mary solved the problem by herself.
The child pets the cat.
He likes playing soccer.
We're classmates.
He wants to work in a hospital.
It's unfortunately true.
Did you notice Tom's hair?
He's not here.
His jokes really slay me.
I hung my hat on the peg.
Please copy this.
Do you know how to correctly hold chopsticks?
You have all died.
Ignorance is always dangerous.
You can sit wherever you want.
I heard the telephone ringing.
There wasn't a single survivor.
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
A new road is under construction.
He should have arrived by now.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
We should all help provide starving people with food.
Where is the assembly point?
So gross!
Add a little more milk to my tea, please.
Please arrive a bit later next time.
Tom and I are in Australia now.
You'll never guess what Tom brought with him.
I'm the one who's sick.
He is also very famous in Japan.
We were never able to capture him.
Does that count?
I want this phone.
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
Tom said he didn't like his new job.
Secondly, is there any project scheduled to be released today?
Don't leave your work half finished.
Let's call it a day.
Please translate this text from Japanese to French.
George is the captain of our team.
I am a student in a university.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
We wish to invite Peter to Japan in the near future.
Please feed the dog every day.
He is an expert in astronomy.
Whose are these pens?
He is very good at poker.
He was too drunk to drive home.
Why did you marry Tom?
I want to go to see a film.
I resolved to keep a diary this year.
Perhaps you're right.
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life.
Legal terminology is usually incomprehensible to non-specialists.
Tom's not a racist.
Now it was my turn to be surprised.
I have to say I envy you guys.
I swim once a week.
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.
I will not go.
Tom was born in Boston in 2013.
You can take either road to get to the park.
He bought a small house in Kyoto.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
I didn't think that you'd want to do that by yourselves.
He clipped the sheep.
If you're worried, go for an endoscopy to have it checked out.
Please drop in at my house on your way home.
Be patient and keep your chin up. Some things just take time.
Tom comforted Mary.
You should always tell the truth.
There's a beach party tonight.
In this store they speak in Esperanto.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
Tom is coming to our school tomorrow.
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
He's an atheist.
Who's next?
Don't blame it on her.
What did you hear?
You're lying.
I'm here, so do you want to chat?
Flying kites can be dangerous.
Mary took her dog for a walk.
Are you guys American?
Bring me a dry towel.
I had fun last night.
This makes me so angry.
You and I need to have a talk.
There isn't a drop of water left.
Tom hitched a ride to Boston.
Tomorrow's weather won't be so good, with cloudy skies, heavy snow, and very cold temperatures.
What is it you want to tell me?
Not seeing them for a whole month makes me sad.
I heard you were injured trying to help Tom.
She has large blue eyes.
Not only did I eat pilaf, but I also ate kebabs.
I don't want to hear another word about it!
There is no reason that I should give up my plan.
He entered my room.
Do you have time in the morning?
Who's your most interesting friend?
Heather believes me.
Like me, Lucy has many friends.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
He wants to be a tennis player.
We're not terminating you.
I understood Tom's point of view.
I really miss the old days.
He scraped the mud off his boots.
He had friends all over the world.
Let your uncle think about it.
I need a pair of scissors.
The birds sang.
We lock the doors at night.
With both song and dance, the performers put on an excellent show.
Mike really likes animals.
He married her.
Health is more important than gold.
Hello everyone!
My father is a good person.
The doctor advised me to give up smoking.
I generally agree with her.
There were two cakes.
Can you drive?
The new car is hers.
Use it or lose it.
Politics leaves him cold.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
Don't sit on it.
So tasty!
If anything should happen, please let me know.
He knows how to captivate his audience.
What is the matter with your car?
Tom works for an American company.
You will never guess what Tom brought with him.
I think we had better wait for another 30 minutes.
I want to be an English teacher.
I want some potatoes.
One hundred and fifty people entered the marathon race.
I have more skirts than my big sister.
Tom says he doesn't swim.
If you are the Lord's son, can you turn these rocks into food?
I'm slow to adapt to new situations.
What you're saying doesn't make sense.
Give me a chance!
The deep layers of the ocean are still almost unexplored.
I think that all the world's languages are very interesting.
Yes, yes, of course.
She came across the street.
I would like to have a look at your collection of stamps.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
His car is really cool.
We had a rest in the shade.
You guys can't scare me.
Don't talk rubbish!
The older, the wiser.
Turn here to get on the subway.
Is Tom able to speak French?
You work hard.
"Thanks, guys." "Don't mention it."
Ken studied English last night.
I didn't buy that.
The snow was powdery.
I broke your ashtray.
The horse stopped and refused to move.
She was only 18 when she graduated from university.
You also teach her English?
We named the dog Tim.
I like to eat.
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh's city centre (which is only two miles away).
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
When do you need it?
Tom wants to go back to Australia.
Tom wasn't thirsty.
I made a doll for Ann.
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Admission to the show is five dollars.
Listen, I've got to run.
She is just an ordinary girl.
There is a letter for you.
My mum helps me remove the core of the plum.
My room looks out on the street.
Could I have another glass of beer?
My father is far from artistic.
They watch telly only on Fridays.
Man cannot live forever.
This year we offer the same language course as last year.
I'll go to the library with you tomorrow.
No idea.
He wants these shirts washed.
Are you and Tom enemies?
When the pressure is lower, the boiling point is lower.
Tom has lived here since 2003.
Where did you come from?
The boy standing over there is my son.
Excuse me, I'd like to exchange US dollars for RMB - can I get RMB here?
I am interested in English.
I can't understand why James always finds fault with his wife.
The radio is broken.
I've always kept my promises.
I have a stomachache.
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
I'll be back by seven or eight o'clock.
Tom is not dumb.
You can express the sentence this way.
Trees do not grow on prairies.
How do you write this character?
I can't bear to see animals suffering.
What type of work do you do?
Who drew it?
If it had not been for your help, I couldn't have completed the work.
Could you call a doctor, please?
This city is cold and lonely without you.
Welcome to China!
Stop meddling.
Where is this road?
I observe a chimpanzee peel a banana and eat it.
I have the power of invisibility, but it only works when I’m wearing a freshly washed shirt.
The flood caused a lot of damage.
I wonder why I shouldn't do that.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
Why does the moon shine at night?
How long has George studied Portuguese?
He is bankrupt.
Knowing how to love is success; knowing how to relax is wisdom.
There's a full moon tonight.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
He studied abroad.
Do you want to eat something?
I use Google every day.
That's enough.
There was a fight.
I've just had lunch.
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.
Can I drive the tractor?
He is majoring in economics.
I asked Mother to wake me up at four.
He is taller than his brother.
Languages aren't his forte.
The sky is light blue.
Tom started running towards the house.
We missed you.
You'll find this map very useful.
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
The map is on the wall.
I rented a house with a garage.
The boy had a red face.
That was magic.
Olympus? Isn't that where Greek gods hang out or something?
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
The end does not always justify the means.
A horse doesn't eat cucumber salad.
We became friends when I was in Taiwan.
They wanted to know where Tom was.
Please give me salt.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Since I installed solar panels on my house, my energy bill has been cut in half.
This is just wrong.
You guys looked mad.
Tom said that Mary likes driving.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
I'm getting hungry.
Only Takeuchi didn't accept the invitation.
I take a bath every morning in summer.
We punished him according to the rules.
Yes, I'm a student too.
The meeting ended earlier than usual.
He taught us English.
Does he have any brothers?
Is there anything you want me to buy?
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.
An argument erupted between her and her father.
People who can express their thoughts in a clear-cut way are very straightforward.
I would like to buy a form fitting dress.
Correct the errors, if there are any.
If you pass this test, you could graduate next month.
What were you up to last night?
Tom told Mary she couldn't do that.
She broke the cup, too.
Where is the accent on the word 'Australia?'
We can take Tom.
Would you be willing to show me how to do that?
By turning the page, we can dismiss the characters in a book without fear of hurting their feelings.
When will the rainy season be over?
What's the name of that bird?
It's not as easy to do that as people think.
I'm in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
These toys are suitable for girls.
He set fire to the school building.
My name is Francesco.
Are you related to the Nagashimas?
She killed him with a knife.
Can I borrow your knife?
Do you know the boy in the picture?
You don't understand.
Let's skip out before Tom gets back.
Can I speak with the teacher?
Tom was teased by everybody.
He is watching TV.
His house is not far from here.
I turned into a small alleyway.
Mr. Grey didn't enjoy his work.
Is there anyone that you like right now?
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
All men are created equal.
With all his efforts, he failed the test.
I won't eat it unless you cooked it.
Which one is more expensive?
She is going to sleep.
I haven't seen him for years.
He has committed multiple crimes.
He comes back from Sydney today.
The main problem with Tom is that he has no sense of humor.
He put the key on the table as usual.
My mother gave me her sewing machine.
What are the advantages and drawbacks of this method?
She went travelling with her friend.
This news is important to us.
It is not difficult to speak English.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
Should he be given another chance, he would do his best.
Everybody's waiting for you.
I am afraid of death.
Both brothers are musicians.
We aren't vegan.
The table was groaning with food.
How often do the buses run?
But when I arrived in China that time, I had a family waiting for me.
The faucet is dripping.
